this is a radical transparency we're
going to be the the the first Honest
Game Dev and I'm going to pull in is
though right about now if you don't know
uh we worked on a game over the past
year it still has many great videos on
his Channel about it and it recently
released 16 days ago called get to work
and has done pretty well we're doing
good about it but today the plan is to
show you exactly how well and what went
wrong and what went right and uh go into
the real details of making and launching
a game how would you sum up our year
working on this game I think it's really
important to understand how much context
goes behind the numbers so a lot of it
is like experience changes these numbers
a ton right we built the game in a year
if it was me 10 years ago that's when I
started building games no chance in hell
I could have done this in in a year this
is crazy like this is like a three-year
project for most beginners if not longer
so I thought it'd be kind of fun just to
peel the curtain back a little bit and
show you a little bit of our pitch deck
from like before we even started this
project so my initial pitch was
initially about streamers now streamers
are really driving how games are
discovered and a lot of this was already
talked about by atrio so I kind of took
this a little bit but I added the Game
Dev context there really is a lot of
split on different projects so AAA games
are hard to make cuz they cost you know
looking at you Concord $50 million yeah
RP um there's tons of weekend projects
can we say now officially we'll get into
the details but we can officially say
that our game has significantly
outperformed Concord oh for sure which
is actually when you think about it
crazy
they sp1 million they had fully staffed
teams of Game Dev they had Sony's
experience that's crazy in one year and
it's scary like growing a big company
has a lot of benefits but a lot of
downfalls as we've seen a lot of people
don't see how many games come out on
Steam because steam has this filter that
basically if you don't have a lot of
reviews or people aren't playing your
game they just like filter through and
you never see it but the number of games
that come out on Steam is actually like
incredibly High something crazy like a
thousand games a week and so we are kind
of stuck in this Indie little bubble
this Little Indie Square here yeah where
you know it's hard to stand out so you
have to be proactive about standing out
and part of that is marketing marketing
is one of the big pieces that pushes you
Above the Rest that gets people to pay
attention to your game that being said
there's a huge caveat you have to have a
good game and a good game is very
nebulous it the easy part under you can
just make a good game like that doesn't
anyone can just do that you just you
just need a good ideas guy and then
you're done now I thought it'd be kind
of fun this is this is the first pitch
deck that we put together we like to
move fast and that's really important
cuz it costs less money like you don't
want to spend all the time to like build
a proper character you're just trying to
get the idea out there yeah but we had
this as our like poster for like
probably 7 months which is hilarious
unlike everyone else you are not a sheep
9 to-5 desk job for Chumps you're about
passive income you're about working
harder not smarter you're here to climb
the corporate ladder fast fast mhm that
was the initial pitch deck and of course
we had roller man fast and dirty baby
when I put put together this pitch deck
I didn't know how to build 3D games at
all and a big part of why we did those
videos together was it was an excuse for
me to learn 3D and that was great cuz I
needed to do that and then I got a video
out of it that did well and then we
built this Association that atrio at
least is willing to learn cuz a lot of
people just aren't willing to try that
was the whole point I mean for my POV
this whole thing was supposed to be I
wanted to see what making a game was
like from start to finish I'll just
openly say it I did not expect to make
any money back on this I we'll go into
the numbers later there's a million
games release a day the chance of anyone
making money are zero it doesn't like
even if we make a great game no one will
see it who knows you know we'll try our
best but that was the idea and so I
wanted to learn from you who had
launched atrio like how what do you what
is the pro what what what is every step
of the way I mean you really handheld me
through like opening unity and getting
sorcery and getting on the right branch
and how to like open up and like you
wouldn't let me you know I had to truly
learn how to at least like make a level
and test it which I thought was really
cool and felt satisfying even if my
output was not able to be used in any
way cuz I was totally trash it was cool
I think the the wrong attitude is like
we're going to go in and make a million
dollars uh cuz a lot of people do that
and then they get you know a swift
kicked in the ass realizing how hard it
is right cuz it's insanely hard uh
because everyone wants to do it cuz it's
so fun dude one thing we did I think is
worth mentioning just for this for this
video is really early on is though I I
think you learned this from your Mentor
Graham it was like we need to make sure
that we have the exact same vision for
what this game is so we did like blind
surveys of the same question and then we
got in a call yeah the whole team not
not just us two but like the other
programmers and we tried to make sure we
like we had the exact same vision
because you know famously a game like
Anthem had hundreds of millions of
dollars on all these people but if you
asked anybody on that team on the art
team or on the I don't know the
microtransactions team or whatever they
all had different visions of what the
game was supposed to be what they all
had slightly different visions and so it
was it wasn't coming together Anthem
maybe not slightly massively different
whatever but like that was the idea that
was the way you pitch it to me I thought
that was very fascinating and I think it
helped a lot cuz we hashed out a few
things that we were like oh I saw it
this way or whatever and then then from
then on moving forward was like we were
all lock step on the same page for what
the game should look like and what it
should be and for the outside people who
have who haven't coded before it's like
really really easy to spend 4 months
working on a single feature and if
everybody is working on different things
and thinks the game's different that's
how get development hell that's how
probably and I don't know anything about
silk song but like maybe we take it back
we're not saying the bad about team
Cherry here in our we we got one
gamewinner our B we came start insulting
team Cherry bro we're not going to be
Indie Darlings if we take on team Cherry
bro it's going they're going to crucify
us what I'm saying is even the goats it
happens to everybody yeah we had the
idea of starting your parents basement
pretty early on yeah and and this is so
sloppy I mean this is literally like 3
minutes of work but it just gets the
idea across of like you going up ramps
cuz like a little sketch is not enough
and like doing a full level was is too
much so I think we found a nice balance
here of like okay I kind of get the
vision here imagine if this was the game
that was
released and imagine if it sold just as
well it didn't matter like XC actually
loved it he played it longer I also
pitched the idea as like a stretch goal
to add a story similar to The Stanley
Parable yeah now there's been we were a
little leery to use the Stanley Parable
cuz you know we don't really want people
you know saying that in our store
description but as soon as we wrote the
story it was like the first thing that
came out of everybody's mouth they were
like Stanley Parable yeah like I think
that was more because Connor's voice is
so British true regardless of how we
used it the second they heard the verse
line they're like stanle Parable but I
do agree that like that was our yeah the
inspiration so there was definitely a
chance where we were like there's no
other rage game that has a story there's
no other rage game that has like a a ton
of narration so like there's a good
chance could succeed the favellas and
the parents beating of only up the AI
voice rambling about the favellas is one
of the great stories of our time part of
it was like audio events of some some
sort we thought that like with the way
the economy was going and this was
largely inspired by your your like
marketing Mondays where you're talking
about Drop Shipping and like all these
goofy kids on Tik Tok combined with the
fact that like real genuine people are
trying to find jobs and so there's this
little disconnect between trying to make
a million dollars and actually getting a
job and being genuine dude what's so
funny is the amount of people I see who
don't know anything about you me even
squeaks or people near like they they're
they're just playing this game and their
chat is spamming like aware and like
depressed on yeah which is like I you
know I think the goal is to be more
humorous on it but I saw it so regular
people being like Oh too real too real
it's funny that people really connected
with even as over the top and goofy as
it as it was and I think as things kind
of get worse people want to express
their frustration in some way that is
more positive and I feel like hearing
the grind set about some goofballs
trying to sell you Niko shade Vapes is a
little more palatable than just like
going on Tik Tok and seeing someone
actually like pretend to make a million
dollars and taking photos in like a
private jet I think there is some
positivity coming from it but obviously
it helps Us sell games because it's very
relatable so there's there's two sides
of the coin so we were originally
thinking like no concrete story but just
like rough commentary we changed that
obviously there's like a very clear
story where you like progress up to CEO
so that changed but the idea of
subverting expectations with the offer
letter and stuff like that we definitely
kept in we didn't know what we were
going to do but we thought it'd be kind
of funny and then we also evaluated the
risks I was sort of expecting a lot more
rage games to come out this year
honestly if you think about the time it
takes to build them it's definitely a
lot less than like a multiplayer game or
like World of Warcraft but the big games
that came out was chained together and a
difficult game about climbing and that
was pretty much it that really hit this
was the biggest amount of work that we
as a Dev team would have to work on a
lot of the advantage of working with a
more experienced team is we have code
that we carry over the list you're
seeing here is the stuff that we had to
learn for the first time you know
building this character controller level
design which we've never done 3D level
for and then having like an audio system
that plays like subtitles and works with
eight different languages and then you
know we have to figure out I've never
recorded audio with a professional
narrator before like how does that work
I had to figure out how to write lines
and like work with you learn so much
stuff on the Fly for this game which is
pretty incredible Chad I got a question
for you so this is the box art for the
game it is beautiful do you think it
would be better or worse if it showed
the bald character's face we had some
debate over this I was actually going to
change it but I ran out of time I was so
swamped those last two weeks that I lit
they all say worse this is great people
love it so I think you're dead right but
it's too late now unfortunately it's too
late now because now everyone is
associated the game with this image sure
I mean this yeah this is now yeah the
game is good and has a good thing this
is the image before we had even started
the project this was like a budget
estimate and I we're throwing out
numbers here everything's in Canadian
but this just kind of gives you like a
rough idea of like where I was at and
again there's a couple of really really
important caveat cuz I know there's
probably going to be a couple people who
are thinking about starting their own
game and like we'll use this as
reference and I don't want to mislead
you number one by the way speaking of
misleading I was constantly misled by
this Canadian dollar trying to negotiate
and work with this guy every price was
quoted in CAD I don't know if that's
kind it's just random funny money I I
don't know where it's going or how much
that it could be any amount it could be
$2 pend de Bloons that's the ratio like
it all just seemed free so yeah that was
my first experience dealing with the the
Canadian dollar in a business context
and it it's funny because every time you
would say the revenue it' be like damn
that's big but it's in CAD couple of
incredibly important caveats because
these numbers can be taken at face value
totally out of context and be totally
misleading number one the amount of code
that we're bringing over is worth so
much money obviously it doesn't go into
the project but like if you were to
start from scratch this would be so many
more years and so much more money sure
right that includes like we figured out
how to port to Xbox way early on we
figured out how to localize in different
languages that's a huge pain in the ass
if you notice when you switch like when
you unplug a controller and touch your
keyboard all of like the glyphs on on
screen like automatically update the
settings menu we have controller
remapping we have like different
settings and stuff that all works nicely
because we spent 5 years on atrio the
other thing is my time time is split so
I was working on atrial updates I was
working on business stuff I was working
on videos and so this number is kind of
low and I also don't pay myself probably
as much as I should based on you know
how much uh people working at Microsoft
for example are getting paid because I
was working at Microsoft so this number
would be probably a lot lot higher if I
was paying myself like industry standard
but it's my company and I am investing I
still pay myself to be clear but I am
investing in the future and I'm still
like comfortable with you know the
budget and everything like that so
that's kind of like the rationale about
where these numbers come from uh other
thing was just me like rough guessing
how much it would cost to hire someone
to model our character and like software
expenses and then if we wanted to do
localization it would cost more if we
wanted to bring on a writer it would
cost more these are all things that
we're just kind of guessing yeah and
they always go up or down mostly up we
started the project in October and in
August so this is 2 months until launch
and then we delayed it a little bit yeah
we had spent about $118,000
which is like roughly on budget so
roughly on budget after 10 months that
being said we had seen how fun the game
was people were playing the game and
were like holy [ __ ] this game's really
fun we had noticed people were just like
playing it on their own I had asked them
to play test and most of the time they
play test a little bit and then they're
done so I remember and people were just
like picking you know famously we had a
call where like I had brought the first
test version of the game to a land party
in Arizona with my old high school
friends I showed it to them and like you
guys try this game you know it's the
thing we're working on I thought they
would play it politely and then stop but
then I wake up the next day and they've
already woken up before me and are
playing the game and then someone taught
it to someone else who wasn't there the
first day of the land and they were
playing it all day it was like oh wait
that's when I I'll be honest that's when
I first like thought that you were right
how good the game was cuz I don't know
it's t for me to tell right and so you
were like this this is this one's got
real potential like this could really
and then I remember being like damn yeah
they're playing it that's awesome the
other thing that's really important to
note is like most of the time when we
build games there's a lot of floundering
around trying to find what's fun
everything that could have gone right in
this project went right which is like
something I basically never expect to
happen again in my lifetime it it's
crazy like we had a working prototype
that was essentially the start of our
character within 2 weeks so we decided
to delay the game this is very
intentional we were like okay we have
like the the bare bones of a rage game
which is like the standard across all of
it not really a huge story we had like a
little bit of story we had a couple
podcasts written and we saw how fun it
was and we were like holy [ __ ] okay
let's like let's double down so we
decided to add the dunce hats we decided
to add way more dialogue with Connor and
we decided to localize into eight
different languages we hired uh thearchy
I spent a lot more money I hired a
mentor to teach me more about technical
art which is like figuring out how the
lighting system works and stuff like
that it still is super janky to be clear
but it is way better than what it was
before this was all very intentional but
we saw we made a game time decision and
I think it paid off because everybody
likes the dud hat I mean it's one of
those things that just makes you feel
like dropping down to the bottom was
worth it yeah and makes you remember it
I truly think it's the best marketing
for the game is watching somebody do the
the dunat moment and hearing the song I
think people that see that finally go
I'm I'm going to take my wallet I'm
going to buy the game like if they're on
the fence that level of extra polish and
seeing like oh wow they went this far
for whenever you do something stupid
like drop down I think that makes people
buy the game so the one thing I think
people may not know is this was very
strategic if you look at something like
only up at the very end when those
platforms fall and disappear on you and
like punish you that's a very negative
experience because you're not expecting
it and so what we did was we subverted
their Expectations by rewarding them for
falling a we made it a complete
voluntary choice so I I like
intentionally added five slow ass rooms
with like tons of dialogue being like
you can turn around this is your choice
and then there's a a really long hallway
with a hole and you look down and you
have to make the choice and then when
you fall you get a funny hat with you
know funny dialogue and a banger song
and so like they would be kind of mad if
they still chose they'd be extra mad if
it was like rug pulled on them but then
because you spend so much more effort to
reward them for falling then it turns
into a yeah feels kind of good plus our
game specifically feels really good to
do it again like everybody who beats the
game is like I wonder what the speedrun
looks like or they say I bet I could
beat this faster yeah because going
through the obstacles and like learning
it is a pretty satisfying experience so
we felt kind of confident I actually
think every new player the intended
route should be at least one hat because
if you go into the next area right when
you're there you're usually not ready
going through the first part and seeing
yourself doing it hours faster is always
a really nice boost and then you feel
good about going into the next part now
you're sort of committed and feeling
part instead of like hitting a part
you're like oh this is too hard I'm out
we had players play the four floors like
early on without doing like a bunch of
the tutorial stuff and it took them like
45 minutes 50 minutes an hour and then
because we rearranged and added earlier
levels people are getting through the
four floors in like 10 15 minutes just
because we added like those extra
annoying little jumps that everyone kind
of hates yeah but they teach you have to
learn how to hit a ramp yeah I think
that was one of the most brilliant
things you did as I watch a lot of
people play it it's like they don't like
that room and they it up a lot over and
over and it feels bad you can instantly
reset so it's not punishing enough to
quit and then once they get it through
theyve finally learned how to play the
game they understand how to yeah so
total budget ended up being 193k 133k
USD so let's talk about sort of the
stats 300K with a
massive so this is fun we can celebrate
until we this USD by the way not CAD
this is so so Ste steam reports in USD
so I converted but we're going back to
CAD always cost to make the game was
133k like they report just the gross cuz
they probably makes people feel good
people return the game the nature of
Rage games is they're very hard
punishing and people just don't have the
pallet for it which is totally okay you
as a developer have to go in knowing
that if you're going to build a rage
game people are going to be mad
specifically the
[Music]
Chinese China definitely return this
we'll talk about it later we'll we'll
get to it we'll get to it we'll get to
yeah we'll get to it steam's cut after
that takes 30% as as you make more money
they take less but it's like millions of
dollars we've currently after 2 weeks
have sold 30,000 copies
30k we have 7,000 returns so we're
actually at 23,000 I don't even know why
they show you 30,000 just to feel good
or whatever but like it's incredibly
misleading the thing I'm most interested
in though is the graph so the graph here
is the number of sales now normally the
traditional way you Market is you put it
on Steam you know you put out a YouTube
video and you try and gain wish lists
over like six a months 6 months a year
whatever and then your steam release is
like really big one big spike and then
it drops off what we've seen is this
Spike which is really unique to this
game refund reasons let's talk about the
units is game too difficult and game not
fun which we were talking about this
earlier when we had a call this is fine
this is good people didn't you know get
the game where they tried they thought
it was fun tried it and it's just too
hard that's what we are expecting what
we don't want is we don't want 10,000
crashes frequently we don't want like
it's not the game I thought I was going
to get that's that's on us yeah yeah
right we we fed up some along the way
whereas this is like when we started
this we knew that this would happen I
could totally see someone being like
this game is too difficult once you get
to middle management or VP or 100% I get
that but uh man I was watching a review
recently from a reviewer I really like
all this footage was from the first room
it wasn't even too mean in the game he
liked it but you could tell he only
played the first room and ke he said it
was too hard and I was like the first
room is not the first room is just like
you know put a little effort in let's
talk about this so the other thing is we
didn't talk about the streamer tax and
how much it cost cost on your mental
sanity and life whatever could you be
talking about I don't I don't really
seem to understand I'm not going to leak
anybody but one of your employees
messaged me being like I feel you bro
it's tough out there my God my poor
employees bro quack edited one video
this month yeah noing tragedy I didn't
say who you have a lot of employees my
man parttime full timebody unless unless
it's aish I'm really not feeling for
them here's where we're at guys
$21,000 after everything in earnings
which is fantastic where does this money
go well I'm very very pleased to
announce that I have recently just
ordered
55,985 individual snack packs of
goldfish let's go one for each chatter
multiple for each chatter it's called
good use of money it's called business
investing we're talking about
snackies unfortunately no it goes into
future Investments
so you don't get the money you don't get
to spend it on snack packs as a
responsible business owner you want to
be thinking about the next big thing you
know there's the first month of sales
and then there's the lifetime which
usually adds up you said almost about
the same right so it's like you have
this big spike and then the very long
tail that adds up and we haven't even
gotten through the first month yet we
still have big streamers yet to play it
lck's playing it today and then uh
there's going to be YouTube videos so I
I do I my hopes are high that like now
that we're past the can we make our
money back phase that it's like oh who
knows what could happen it's all it's
all it's all grav for new projects well
we actually know what's going to happen
yeah bald coin bald coin this is all
been a crypto setup y this whole thing
was a setup for an actual crypto pivot
not only for you as a game developer cuz
people love game developers that love
crypto also me as a consecrator people
also love consecrators that love crypto
so if you mix the two together it's just
pure fan happiness chat we are going to
rug pull you so hard the game doesn't
stop on day one right we work on bug
fixes we are trying to fix performance
those those awful loading hitches that
you get when you you know travel between
scenes that like gives me a heart attack
every time I see them but like we just
didn't have time to look into them there
was more important things to do you know
budget reasons whatever so we're working
on those cuz we have that extra budget
now and we're working on the speedrun
competition video Yeah and what's crazy
is that it's me and squeak sort of
pushing the game forward one step at a
time I get the world record he gets the
world record we're both innovating skips
I I just think that's really impressive
to see I mean the only thing that kind
of sucks is like I mean you're you're
just pushing the boundaries too far I
think you've intimidated everybody else
from trying and it's really dried up the
speedrun community to just you two no
it's cute to see someone like km or
spectacor or small an like try their
little but they're just like not close
to me and squeaks their little skips
baby skips exactly if the game continues
to sell well and like you know we we
continue to earn money we can take that
money and consider future updates the
only thing just cuz you guys are all in
this chat and you've listen to this
whole thing is that we have to decide
that if these updates will bring us more
money or poti potential future Revenue
versus starting a new project this is
the thing that shocked me the most so we
were nervous about spending the money
cuz localization is is costly you can
use chat gbt but it's from what I've
heard it's not good enough but China
popped off dude China has sold big as
America yeah which is crazy because like
you aren't a Chinese streamer like you
are our safety anchor I sort of am the
Chinese streamer true true true
but you know you think about our our
main selling points in terms of
marketing and it's you and all your
connections which are English
speakers I got Jian ping to play it
personally so actually don't know you're
talking about that that probably helps
and that probably helped in a lot of the
country we can't know how they're cons
like how they're learning about the game
because we can't see really what's going
on on doy Yin or Billy Billy that well
and so it's hard to know like what
they're expecting to have higher refund
rates like what what are what kind of
marketing are they seeing from Doan
clips that makes them want to buy the
game but then not know what it is that
it's hard cuz I think most people that
are finding out about this game through
let's say lwig or through XC or rubius
are seeing oh they're struggling with
the game but it looks fun I like you
know they know what they're getting into
whereas it feels like in China they had
less of an idea in some way I'm going to
close out with two of my favorite clips
from the first couple days that both
encapsulate the Jank and the horrifying
scariness of releasing game but also the
fun uh of Looking Back Now that it's
done PL is simple
we patched that pretty fast I saw that
and I was like oh [ __ ] yeah I that's
what that's like if someone doesn't like
you or know you that's a bad review on
steam
[Music]