train stops in the next stop you guys
want me to
move sure I don't know this you're fine
you're fine hey get off my a train sorry
I wanted to be a guy I'm the conductor I
know him he's Italian come on get out my
TR he says that all the time it's not
fun it's not fun it's sharp I want to
play basketball let's play man that's
not basketball that's not basketball you
go skids I'm not going to go skids I
don't want to play anym I'm sorry I'm
sorry what's going on here we got uh
Home
Alone um Star
Wars uh Hey Luck of the
Irish Luck of the Irish I don't know
what else you want you want a ball joke
the Irish you want a green joke or a
ball joke Lu the Irish I don't I don't
like I reject the
prise reject the premise guys wait hold
on we got a clear side there's probably
a lot of people tuning in I want to I'm
behalf of all of us here uh you know the
whole thing with offbrand I think I want
to want to clear the air
um events are hard and you take a lot of
bets right and and the world of events
and production and broadcasting is about
taking the right
bet talk to a coin was supposed to be a
way for
us to kind of make it all work and
um and it it didn't didn't it just
didn't and you can't know about
pre-sales cuz you can't know about
pre-sales and
snipers and going to
bed she believed in the coin she course
she are you kidding me has her damnn
namesake on it we to love her I just
want her to come back please invite us
on talk to we've lost three
mil and we're going to get it back
you're going to help us
Hal no matter what we're getting our HW
Tua coin back Archie can you just quick
heads up I'm not wearing underwear and I
think if I flash in a certain direction
my balls will appear stay I just need
you to keep your eyes down here yeah
viewers don't sternly your your shorts
just say beast on them beast that's cool
why they're Mr Beast shorts from the
video I filmed cuz I showered here
you're wearing a crazy color palette is
it good no it's good no you look like a
coffee coffee ice cream no it's good no
you look like I'd lick you for cream
night you did take my sweatshirt this is
Aidan's sweatshirt that he said I can't
take back with me that hat did you guys
sell that yeah we sold that that [ __ ]
sold out that's not for you mm not your
look wait is it not for me you look like
toad I never wear this is crazy I never
wear toes uh I do think the issue with
this one in particular is how tall it is
it look like you took that from the
Mushroom Kingdom bro so big yeah there
you go what about this what about now
you look like what Kenny what's his name
yeah Kenny South Park it's like kind of
like that I guess I wish you were cuz
they killed him every episode he is the
Kenny of wish you could kill me every if
I'm coming back to life in that scenario
that's more fine oh my God they killed
Aiden oh no gu would Cartman yeah H
obviously uh obviously he's the most
terroristic we already ran the
simulation on what happens if I die and
when when cutie sold her shirt and
people were sad people were sad but also
opened up their wallets yeah more than
their heart made a lot of money on the
just the idea of you dying that's true
you actually die we're going to make so
oh my God dud it's that shirt's crazy
cuz when people people will come up to
me with that shirt on at like an event
and they'll be like you know look it out
you're on my shirt and and I'm like I
see that I see that one two I don't even
own that shirt no I didn't I didn't sell
it I didn't make money off of it I don't
own it it's just it's just three big
pictures of me on a shirt and I'm like
yep that's me low res you know yeah and
it's like a it's like a T-shirt maker
shirt colors no it's like hannes like
from
the bro I you know would be a funnier
concept too for the for the round two
when he actually dies is we do um like a
like a gang gangster like a guy like I
[ __ ] miss you homie like Old English
and it's Aiden but he's got like face
tattoos yeah yeah like like like
gangster Bart Simpson shirt yeah history
we rewrite history say that guy was the
[ __ ] craziest dude on the Block
because I'm killed in a in a gang attack
he was Loco or it says wanted convicted
pedophile and it's just a photo of him
but there's still tattoos on my neck
yeah you're T you're T you look
dangerous you look cool yeah you look
great but you look great it's bad the
the teardrops meant something different
for me with a believable size reward so
people believe the shirt like $10,000
reward dude I got to Workshop my [ __ ]
Sprinter viws I've gotten two already
and I've just bombed them we were
talking about it it's unlike you man
yeah I'm shocked I feel like this is
your environment so hard I get look a
guy on my team well just for context
after League games he tries to spam a
Discord and just two times and the I
don't know how many times you spammed it
well it's yeah I've tried it like eight
times it's only I'd only do if they're
mean yes and you're trying to talk to
this mean person and then talk him down
but you're lowkey getting mogged dud he
just kept screaming over me and said you
want to talk to me don't you I'm your
little daddy and then you said and then
you said damage doesn't even matter that
much it doesn't even matter he [ __ ]
Teemo bro he was Teemo and he gets
passive damage and I was an eight and2
and nine and it was we won the game and
he I know it's League talk early but I
mged him in every metric that's what I
said damage and and some goes why are
you so mean cuz I like it I'm your daddy
you're thinking about me I know you're
that guy when that guy responded to why
am I why are you so mean with with
because it makes me feel good I was like
wow that level
of you you've been [ __ ] I don't know
to solve that you've been frolicking in
the x.com Fields thinking you're you're
hot [ __ ] you're you're playing
whack-a-mole bro yeah it is I am slaying
level one skeletons you're playing with
plumbers on
Twitter but League [ __ ] Top Lane
teemos that [ __ ] get mad at 2 minutes
in for no reason it's a different B G
legal cut cut your teeth you spent a few
months in there I say some [ __ ] now dude
you do I say some [ __ ] yes I say some
[ __ ] on your stream it both what are you
saying in the chat call him a and call
him B oh [ __ ] there's a screenshot Tim
has somewhere so it always goes to
[ __ ] killing myself
yeah it's I felt dude I we're not even
close to an hour by the way well this is
this isn't this isas social there are
two times genuinely thought about doing
it one what killing yourself yeah okay
there's two times what which times
number one Mohan
son is that a football player Casino in
Connecticut I go
201718 with Jake and and maybe Christian
and a couple other guys we didn't know
you yet and you guys didn't know me and
I and I and I hit big on Buffalo M no
reason to hit big on Buffalo the slot
yeah okay lose it all no no draw out
more money go back to Buffalo just
[ __ ] printing zeros hunt printing
zeros empty ticker tapes and then I go
to bed and I call my
ex I've I've done this you called I've
done this yeah it's like 2017 probably
this [ __ ] almost 10 years ago you
said I need to borrow some money I have
a way to get it back immediately I go
you want to you want to start a business
together V 4,000 right now I miss you uh
by the way dude oh my God just punting
and then calling your ex that is sad the
only other time I felt that low is
Thursday of last week League week Le no
after wait is it is it after League week
sorry
Friday Friday three days ago Friday
three days ago yeah okay Friday three
days ago I we well we had the offbrand
meeting yeah already pretty bad which is
horrible and I go home and I'm I'm
waiting surprised that's not where the
story well I'm already I'm already down
right I'm I'm like kicking can I'm like
[ __ ] D you called your ex you got that
out of the
way she's like why you call me and she
said but we went over the business model
it made a ton of
sense and then and then I'm waiting for
the news to go public and I'm like I'll
play some league and the games are
brutal it's just like five backto backto
back losses and I and I and that's what
tipped me over wow I was like cuz I was
like this is my this is what I'm holding
on to hope for and it's going horribly
yeah you have
nothing I had nothing your company
tanked
tank dude did they go Discord uh with my
teammates yeah no I'm I'm I'm bro I'm
despondent I'm it's like minute four and
they died in Lan and I'm like
okay what are you going to do another
one of these another one of these folks
never any easier does it uh and I only
bounced back today cuz me and Aiden
played ball and I hit a game winner and
then I had five different people come
over and say are you lwig can I get a
picture great game
winner and I went thanks [ __ ] Michael
Jordan I'm five minutes before L arrives
Aiden in front of a crowd all right
everyone thank you for showing up today
today we're going to set up a really you
know kind of a game to kind of get lck's
morale back he was he was thinking about
killing himself on Friday EX
makes the shot you guys are clap clap
High I have like four attempts so that's
kind of
weird the defense felt a little
like make him work for it make him work
yeah well yeah it's the [ __ ] most
miserable world ever it is no one seems
to care that I got fired no one said
sorry to
me no one I sure I you came over the
other night and I was like you're
unemployed now aren't you and I pointed
at you oh it does suck man all all all
them damn all them damn awesome people
uh there's there is the big spreadsheet
if you haven't heard there's a big
spreadsheet under the offbrand post that
has all the people's information and
contact for hiring and stuff cuz yeah it
sucks do you think
it's do you think it's worth clarifying
anything on the yard podcast oh my God
that Reddit thread is abysmal dude which
Reddit thread the one that's just like
like oh the specula the forensic analyst
the forensic analyst because you said I
would argue you said some things you
shouldn't have said not because he's
hiding anything illegal but because you
just said things that
weren't quite true what no no no we put
the word out on the street I put the
word out on the street put the word the
word out on the street the word out on
the street was just it was vague so it
let people assume some people think that
offbrand didn't pay has ta didn't pay 3
million doll in taxes which is not what
happened could be yeah could hey check
us IRS well actually maybe don't you
know what you know what it was off
brand and now that they're gone I guess
there's no one to pay just forget about
it no one to pay why we put the word out
on the street I look I think some people
You' be dangerous with how you put the
word out I vague posted I think they ran
with it but like what's what's wrong
with a couple headless chickens running
around you can't blood there so much
blood it's blood it's just blood John
IRS up LS blood Cal already sent you one
dm that showed you why you shouldn't
have the chickens right that was a tough
one that was me
there this I want to see this soad that
guy but the other one I think I am
learning and it's confusing because I
think a lot of close friends have asked
over the years because they don't really
get the structure of the companies and
like how these things how these things
are separated like what's offering
what's my favorite comment we're
thinking the same was the guy who was
like it's crazy how they they went under
with with funding from places like the
yard what he was like oh if I knew it if
I knew it offred couldn't make it with
funding from the yard and Red Bull and I
was just like that's not how it worked
that's big funding from the yard is so
funny that guy really he said oh my God
I'm so sorry you lost your job at
offbrand
yeah oh man you look by the way with
that on your arm you now look like Mega
Man Oh that's oh yeah kind of so so
that's cool that's what our penis looks
like it is a little our penis and then
it goes like that our shared that's
actually not no wait go go back to
normal it kind of looks more like this
yeah that's what I'm saying and then it
gets a wct and then it kind of folds
back that's what my penis looks like
right now as we speak on your head this
is how this is what no the it's never
seen it but you don't have it like this
you don't have it like that did you guys
ever watch circumcised porn growing up
and be and be like this nog's weird what
the [ __ ] was that sent porog is weird
for me cuz they like I don't look the
same down
there's not a category that's called [ __ ]
it's mostly circumcised there's so
you're looking at it and you got [ __ ]
weird long skin looking like sleeve of
wizard I was educated about my sleeve of
wizard early on let's not call that's a
that's a very offensive term that's been
spread for years propagated well he's
trying to take it back wizard wizard
sleeve is the appropriate way to say
that we won't say it anymore but y'all
can't say that my wizard
sleeve I so you guys watched nog back in
the day oh yeah when we watched nog nog
and you saw a big circumcised 9 in
[ __ ] Behemoth flopping around like a
Magikarp would you were you like that's
weird you scream my first nog was when I
was relatively old so I already knew
about circumcision cuz I wasn't nogging
until my my you had to ask me for the
password the wifi
password I think all uncircumcised
people know about circumcised people but
not all circumcised people know about
uncircumcised people I think I I I can
think back to when I first saw a
circumcised penis I was like what the
[ __ ] is this yeah ours is we know we
know this looks like a dark soul I know
when I learned this I don't know what
age I learned this trying to think back
when when did you learn how did you
learn uh I think it was my cousin
Joe and in French he was like teach yeah
I'll translate but he was like we are at
this palast to float for the say in
French I'll just say in English he was
like he was like yes it is important you
clean your penis because sometimes you
have little cheese and peeee is not good
wash that good times he told you youal
in your clean that [ __ ] that's
gross that was the first word he learned
appreciate that
cuz and I said from experience and he's
like yeah I was like all right cool he's
like now eat these M&M's boy white M&M's
yeah he was cool man he was cool he's
cool cousin and they weren't in his butt
ah a they make them special they came
from France can you taste sour in your
butt if you ate Sour Warhead in your
butt no you can't taste from your butt
you can probably buttug sour there might
be a way get in if you could taste from
your butt every [ __ ] would suck oh it
taste like poop in your butt that's I
bet evolutionarily along the chain over
65 million years there was a species
branch that could taste through their
butt and they died out cuz life sucked
so bad yeah their name was liberals
let's go oh [ __ ] up top where are you
where are you me and uh where are me and
Alex were me and Alex were working on a
stream where we do the the god gamer
challenge in person uh and we we got a
real wheel and uh what's up
dude stupid why just a wheel spinning
simulator like cut out the games just
spin the [ __ ] wheel for theel I know
that's what I'm saying just Do the wheel
and I was thinking so I was trying to
find wheels on Amazon it's kind of hard
and uh to find the ones with the right
amount of you need the right amount of
slots size so like I found uh 12 I can't
do 10 cuz we have we had to have phone
break on there right so it's 11: so I
got one with 12 and I I was delivering
all day I was trying to think of a good
idea I like what should 12 be I thought
about it for like two hours I even asked
my girlfriend for ideas and then I asked
I asked uh Alex he thinks about it for
like three seconds and he goes what if
it was
Sour you do a sour candy challenge like
do we eat like like a really [ __ ]
sour candy he's really on sour what is I
wanted I wanted to ask what is going on
is this all because of the business idea
that you told is it what what you cuz
you guys just sayy understand you guys
just say sour and laugh and I feel like
I'm missing something she definitely
[ __ ] stuck a [ __ ] knife in our
heart I'll say that much about it cuz
she like was like she basically rolled
her dug in eyes Su a build of the
courage and like you think knows the
worst they can say and then Pokey comes
it it's like no plus more plus ratio
yeah also I called up Alex he's drunk
he's like I'm [ __ ] drunk I'm out of
state and I'm like okay cool I have an
idea sour keyboard yeah he didn't like
sour jeans either andell any sense it
does you you get your sour fix by typing
what what what is it through the fingers
dude you think you can taste from places
you can't I don't know why it's a new
thing he's doing a new thing I develop
it what the if you can taste from your
fingers if you can taste from your
fingers you'd be tasting your [ __ ] all
the time well if you if you can develop
that that's the real product you know if
you develop tasting from your fingers
the sour keyboard is not then we get the
sour keyboard it's just too easy
knockout that and we only
allow that's for everybody to use well I
call him up and he's [ __ ] screaming
at me he's like that's dumb dude and
he's like drunk and he's like how many
viewers you got right now I'm like don't
ever don't ask me that were you live he
wants to know yeah I was live what was
the count and he never raids Alex of
course cuz he asked me all time he
[ __ ] begs me dude why don't you rate
himz he begs me dude you want him to
sign off on sour keyboard but you won't
give him a raid takes two to tango
that's true he never raid you I don't
think he's ever raided me in my life
I've haven't getting Raids Again it
feels good dude I love I love Ling on
Twitch it feels so awesome it's I don't
like it I don't like it because I he had
a stream this morning that I knew he had
to do and I was trying to figure I was
checking in cuz I'm like surely he's
getting the job done the the fortnite
sponsored stream and I keep opening
YouTube refreshing YouTube stream's not
live I'm worried oh you just didn't know
I'm worried sick D this isn't your this
isn't his your but why are you he's not
multi streaming if he cared about this
business he would multi my God [ __ ]
don't say that [ __ ] if he car about
subreddit right now is revving up like a
lawnmower my subreddit has been become a
group of terrorists yeah they are
they're all the brave mujah Haden
Warriors I've realized to ruining your
life it's cuz there's no offline chat so
they just congregate in Reddit to
mutually it it expressed their
dissatisfaction with me going to Twitch
they broke yling I'm like scrolling
through that threat about the off-brand
clip and just halfway down I see a
that's like I don't know why you guys
[ __ ] need to know about like who did
this this is insane that you guys are
all asking and theorizing and then I
look at the account and it's just Nick y
like all caps all caps when you online
he loves that [ __ ] he do be going to war
well yeah it's funny you're it's you
people are mad cuz they're like you tell
people who found you while you were on
YouTube and they're like so twitch kind
of sucks guys right and it's like dude
you just weren't around which is funny
to kind of chart where the lwig heads uh
you know are and then Charlie made a
dude Charlie made a video that felt like
it called me out yeah because you're
dumb as bricks for not multi streaming
thatti you're not multi streaming you're
[ __ ] stupid and gay said that nipples
Twisted by he literally said that
[ __ ] by a freaking nipple twist
anyway here's octo
Dad it's called the sour
Olympics I'm going I'm going to do it
all in one Alex came to me and I think
it's a really good idea yeah this [ __ ]
is so sour is Will sour my nipples TST
yeah I get it I get it yes he made
[ __ ] video sour dick sour bag of
Dick sour Esports is my new the team pay
money sour moi
don't do again I know you want to do
guy so what did he say what you say
about Sour Apex team could get their
visas they only got sour visas they
could get the US immigration [ __ ]
sour the government is so [ __ ]
stupid they can do the voice by the
[Applause]
way [ __ ] you sound like goofy more
than godddamn Charlie and you're just
Aiden you're just Aiden you just keep
going yeah a Visa I'm Charlie sour Visa
we all know Aiden can't do the voice he
the only one to do the [ __ ] voice why
you trying to [ __ ] do the voice he
[ __ ] close
was Cadence right [ __ ] car about
his you don't sound like him no that's
it that's it I'm nailing it yeah he he
said that he said that there's basically
no reason to n multi stream yeah you're
a chat guy though you're a chat culture
guy I just disagree with him why like
chat culture give me your pitch give me
your pitch okay here's my short pitch
here's my short pitch I would have more
overall viewers but less viewers on one
site and if you funnel as many viewers
to Twitch as possible generally it's
snowballs when you're a big Creator
because you''ll be at the top of the
category and you'll grow as a creat they
see the hyp like what's over there yes
all right and so if if you're at the top
of the league category valerant category
just chatting you get more viewers
throughout the course of the stream as
opposed to if I had like 13k on YouTube
and 10K on Twitch I would be lower in
the category I wouldn't grow as much
you'd be lower uniques so I that's
important to you huh
[Music]
[ __ ] M I don't know what to say man you
look dumb F are you practicing right now
cuz you got hurt earlier is that what
this is he was just so damage is all
that matters I couldn't get all that
matters no it's not I'm at eight and two
and
N it's all that
matters uh yes I care about growing I'm
[ __ ] yes I'm [ __ ] I like it and yes I
figured I'd like some [ __ ] yeah I did
look I just did the math I had 20K
before I left twitch sure I averaged 15K
this past year that's a lower number on
YouTube yes yeah yeah yeah that is Ting
I remember you told me something
interesting I was like do you ever get
uh sad about viewership and you're like
after the subathon it didn't really go
up and I realized like chasing that
dragon is uh is not good but I guess
you're chasing a dragon you're starting
to continue to grow but the problem is
you're going to be 30 don't say that so
that's like tough don't say like it's a
problem oh no I mean it's
good he's tearing you up what's wrong
being 30 dude he's had like the worst
week ever [ __ ] aw being [ __ ] 30 do
you get scared about being 30 do you
think about it a stupid [ __ ] question
are you [ __ ] scared I'm scared every
day man I'm 34 he's already there yeah
some 27y old talk my therapist again oh
I'm [ __ ] 29 I'm fine I'm 29 for
literally 7 months it's a good amount of
time not very long it's a good amount of
time it's closing in literally don't eat
for seven
months you can't I might still be alive
you would there's a zero% chance did I
get water yeah you got be that big
rapper Who's in a hospital bed eating
cake to I have sour
things yes but I'm alive you it's only
that I'm good no no you you he get the
sour jeans or the sour keyboard
he has to eat one pair of sour jeans and
then the keyboard you have divorced
parents you get both that's true two
Christmases the yard sour giveaway I
remember I was 12 for Christmas I got my
hop POG hdpvr my sour jeans I got a hop
POG hdpvr for Christmas too dude there's
this trendy ass dude at U the coffee
shop I'm at and he's like he's so
stylish and tall and cool you keep
talking about is he a barista uh yeah
well he had um vintage Echo
uh baggie jeans that's cool and I'm like
dude this is [ __ ] up cuz I remember
when those were new cuz when I was in
Middle School those were like what you
just bought and that's scary to me yeah
everything it's all back did you just
bring them up to bring up back jeans or
do you want to yeah I was basically just
saying it's crazy that the [ __ ] that I B
like that's vintage now yeah it's weird
like big old DC clunky shoes you can
make those stylish now no the Osiris
yeah bro the big flashy stupid ass not
Osiris's but DC or like
element if Osiris's come back I think
truly their fashionis a meme is enjoy
back enjoy the scape brand the with the
panda
yeah I like the panda that's good kid is
Ryan Sheckler back no what no no crying
she he's balding so he is just is he can
you look up Ryan Sheckler hairline he's
still skating right he still skateboards
I don't think he still skateboards Pro
for sure he's like 40 he's not 40 years
old he's 100% hold on hold on how old is
R he's 386 okay yeah he might be 30
[ __ ] 8 but that's 40
17 wait that means you're 30 I know I I
I am I not uhoh am I not uhoh that's
Justin Bieber wait he's a coworker a
check you made fun of a [ __ ] fellow
athlete wait is he still on Red Bull
still Red Bull we don't know that all
right look up look up his age tell me
his age tell me his age
ref Ryan 37 37 37 3
oh he's a
young me and him would have went to high
school together that's awesome oh wow
yeah that's crazy 1989 uh yeah that's
year the snake 89 is snake and 90s are
horse babies what cuz everyone was
either what's a horse baby the Chinese
zodiac bro you don't even give a [ __ ]
about the main Horse no Chinese zodiac
we're all horse babies in 1990 what do
you know about the Chinese zodiac I know
that in 90 you're a horse and 89 you're
a snake what does that mean mhm what
what does it mean if you're a [ __ ]
snake or a horse you're a snake from 9
in what are we in 9 are they going off
Gregorian calendar no they're going per
years it's the Chinese zodiac 96 and 97
what all right what is your Chinese
zodiac is the year not the Gregorian
calendar what is 1995 what Chinese
zodiac huh you're the [ __ ] the rooster
big [ __ ] big big [ __ ] big little bows a
dragon would be so [ __ ] cool um 95 I
don't got vision for this it's it's
tough 95 you're the
pig what was that I'm not I'm the rat
that makes sense for you you thought you
were roer pig makes sense for me I've
just been on don't say pig makes don't
talk about I know it makes sense I'm not
going to lie what are you ax that makes
sense for you yeah that doesn't make
sense for him why you see his
penis damn [ __ ] yeah got damn [ __ ] for
days that [ __ ] looks like a baseball bat
Amen brother you a SL
that sh looks like an aluminum bat sorry
can't use that bat here can't wood only
yummy it's your penis talking about what
are you horse right that that don't make
sense big old [ __ ] horse you know
Aiden has jizz all over his room what
him last night yeah J all over your room
he's got all sorts of [ __ ] splooge
everywhere were you sploog top of the
door frame e what Happ impressive
splooge who you think ropes the
furthest me oh is it like blind you on
any given no but you go from tip average
you go from you go from tip cuz
otherwise he gets a 8 inch head foot 8
in head what does that mean it is 15 in
dick I'm negative too
yeah uh I'm [ __ ] I'm shooting enough
to get on top of my door frame why are
you coming on your door frame worried
sick I've got range no cuz he's cuz he's
leaving my pres I believe he's got range
cuz he makes a court three points later
I'm moving out three points three lbs
lighter wait you're moving out so you
you got to clean all the come off the
doors I'm not cleaning it are you guys
announced so you're moving out I'm
moving out damn [ __ ] I was going in
his room last night cuz it's about to be
my room yeah and I'm like looking wait
wait what you mean cuz it he'll be
leaving so oh it's your stew no it's
just like it I will own it but like what
are you doing with it they're doing a
separate rooms thing you doing his and
hers bed well she's going to be out of
the equation so it's just going
to she's going to listen be so sad I
don't know what I'm going do with you
probably guest room but the point was
that I needed to find all his jiz cuz I
knew it was probably covered in his
that's what I'm going to do I'm going to
go with the black light and I'm going to
find all his want to do that his awesome
sploog that'll be fun he's going to be
upset that'll be fun for the family
what's the last thing you came on uh
don't answer that I think my
passport well you got of make a why why
are the pages stuck together between
Spain and France how in Molly and they
do crazy St they got crazy St that's how
they stamp it in France you you got come
you got to come on your
passport you that's true when you leave
France they the imig the passports they
know your there the French custom
officer just rubs one out you sign you
smack you do not
sign dude the stitches in my gums are
falling out it's [ __ ]
cool no you have to get them like
they're just they're kind of like
they're stuck in there he has to take
them out oh and S that [ __ ] hole you
can't it's tied into my gum dude they
weave in and out me I get that [ __ ] out
my tongue I tried I've been tonging it
so many times a better kisser than not
supposed to
tongue I know you can't tie not with a
know they kids always said if you could
get the stitches out of your gums by
yourself with your tongue you're a good
kiss they did say that after the gum
graft that that happens and dude I
remember trying to eat apples sexily
after watching Zoe 101 what this
apparently there's something in Zoe 101
about how you eat apples makes you a
good kisser so I like I would eat apples
every day that's how I learned about the
Cherry stem thing was from Dr and Josh
yeah really yeah what the hell so I
would just eat apple I don't even know
how to the Apple Rel you're not like
tongue in the Apple like you just eat
the apple slice no you're not like no
it's like that no you're just eating an
apple what do you think of that you're
just eating app that I'd be doing it
right now he doesn't look he looks weird
no I bet I hate Aiden but he could eat
an apple and [ __ ] turn I eat apples
wait five anyone here way sexier way
faster I don't care if it's sexy I'm
quick I'm definitely I got fake teeth
it's hard for me yeah cuz one breaks off
the FR one I can't use my front teeth oh
not allowed to eat apples my dentist
when I got my my fake tooth they're like
all right so just avoid like hard fruit
like apples and stuff I'm like for how
long he's like forever for your wife
yeah he's like you have to eat them with
your MERS or chop them up oh you like
chop them up little baby he's got I'm
low on the or or maybe like mashed with
the small spoon that's what I had to do
when my gun I had the damn baby I cooked
for the first time in like a
EG you EG okay egg did it s the Bott of
pan No cuz I used some olive oil okay
dude that guy that trolled me today he
called me olive oil neck beard what does
that mean wait he he he dead to rights
no He's Not Dead rights what the [ __ ] is
your problem he knows you cook with ol
oil give me context give me the whole
sentence like greasy he said yeah he
just said olive oil neck beard and then
I said how old are you in chat before
Discord and then he said you're a PDF oh
okay and then he said olive oil neck
beard shut the [ __ ] up damn olive oil do
you have hair on your
neck this guy cross you up that's tough
this sucks bro I don't really know what
olive oil means though greasy I guess
oily oily gross acne I guess I'm just
dumb as [ __ ] guess I'm just stupid I
guess I'm stupid as [ __ ] and no one
likes me anymore yeah I guess yeah I
guess bu do you guys
remember yo I've been thinking a lot
about Batman lately okay and how now do
you do you do you think you would eat
Factor meals Factor meals cuz he's busy
fighting cry but he also needs all
protein cuz he has so many muscles yeah
he so many
muscles Batman Batman has a a butler
right yeah so he doesn't he but the
Joker I think would really enjoy the
fact you look if you look closely during
the ending scene in The Dark Knight
Rises he's eating a
factor fine French cafe and halfway what
Alfred's there look down he's a factor
too stone cold so if you're whether or
not you're good or evil or an agent of
chaos or Justice and mercenary uh
planning to hurt criminals maybe factor
is for
you go Factor meals okay anyway the
Nintendo character of course he does he
especially loves the Italian foods 35
Plus meal choice they have mushroom cuz
he looks very strong in his pictures5
plus weekly addon options juices
smoothie snacks you know what it is it's
Factor eat like a
Luigi thing is you don't have to feel
guilty if you're Batman and you and you
have to choose between your girlfriend
and Gotham City or if you have if you
get you know cuz there's Comfort free
foods or was it Comfort Foods com you're
there's no guilt no one is being charged
or prosecuted as guilty maybe maybe
you're better with back pain and you
just can't cook yeah you can get the
sweet potato and chick be Curry that
sounds yummy I really like the home
style chicken and gravy and loaded
mashed pork chops yeah if you live in
New York City and the grocery store is
not near you uh factor is a great choice
yeah like you can hop on an ebike and
you know get a microwave and then bring
it home get on damn City bike
mhm any factory.com yard 50 and use code
the yard this code is going to blow your
mind it gives you 50% off your first box
Factory meals.com theard sh'll blow your
back out Bro [ __ ] code the yard 50
America's number one ready to eat meal
kit I went to that wedding in New York
like a couple months ago we remember and
and it was a gay wedding and it was your
wedding it was a gay wedding it was a
gay wedding it wasn't my wedding and it
was you getting married at the gay
wedding I wasn't doing gay they they for
the gay wedding all
time gay at the wedding a little gay at
the gay wedding two women were getting
married it was a very gay you're one of
the women we don't know who the gay one
I but you guys remember I met uh the
speech writer for the head of the FTC
Lena KH and I was sitting at her table I
was meeting a bunch of people that they
all worked on like a political political
Campaign together a long time ago she
just did Lena KH did a video with Hassan
recently they did an interview I really
liked it and I texted the speech writer
that I met and I was like hey great
video hope you and the team you know
liked it hope it went well um and she
didn't respond for like the whole day
and I'm I'm like oh you know that's too
bad she didn't respond and then the next
morning I opened the New York
Times and I see an article about Trump
replaces head of FTC like if chooses as
big they had just found out their whole
team lost their job oh my God and I
texted them I texted them the same day
swamp Bud swamp drain swamp drain
congrats to a year of employment
a job that we like doge is in bro Doge
doge is in the training the swamp and
now no one will ever be inefficient ever
again and we're not suing anyone and
free speech is legal too now oh finally
grock's been going
crazy are the weird grock tweets real
are they people like okay grock told me
how to build I mean grock can do some
crazy [ __ ] but like when a Gro says hey
how are you doing and then it says I
want to kill Elon Musk on December 14th
like that's that is someone saying hey
reply this when I ask you a message oh
oh so it's easily manipulatable yes
interesting seems like what's funny is
when you click those though it doesn't
show you the context yeah it's just like
ask Rock yourself like okay and it's
like the same thing it's like you should
have the context here what a [ __ ] bro
shit's going to get so weird man what do
you mean in the damn the government dude
it's going to get weird in the
government the damn government
government they're going to put dolphin
births back on Disney Channel yeah [ __ ]
bro if you it explodes out her [ __ ]
yeah it's crazy watch a blood explosion
is so it's a dolphin that gets bir right
I don't think dolphins have [ __ ]
brother where else does it come from the
CLA they're mammals and you don't know
what a CLA is so don't pretend I know
the look
Zipp zi look up dolphin CLA HD up
close Gro ask Gro she like come
on oh we can't look at nature [ __ ]
anymore my bad sorry Jamie would pull it
up no questions asked didn't realize
lives took that one away from me also
real quick before you maybe or after
either way but I sent you a photo if you
could bring that up too yeah zipper we
watched no dolphins do have a cloa and
that's Ai and we trust grock in this
house they zi can you look up what a
cloa is separate openings for the
digestive urinary it's a common cavity
at the end of a digestive TR for the
release of both extraor and genital
products the butle so it definitely
wasn't going to come out of CLA even if
it had one except most mammals so
mammals don't have this so non-mammals
poop and give birth at the same time
weird enough stop listening to yall a
while
ago so anyway our decom a ring of
endless light we just recorded the
premium episode of it there's a dolphin
birth in it cuz it's an early decom when
they were still kind of some adult theme
still in there a guy dies in that movie
movie on camera yeah [ __ ] crazy uh
and then there's a dolphin birth and
there's so much blood L lwin it was
crazy I'm talking directly to you
there's so much blood it was gross no
it's actually really hard to Google you
have to just go on Disney plus and watch
it have you watched child birth videos
before no but shortly after we talked
about this his [ __ ] girlfriend starts
bringing up childbirth videos she's like
watch in this one his legs come out
first what the [ __ ] and she was showing
it to my girlfriend who cried yeah you
don't want the legs out for you don't
not in like a fun cry it's so beautiful
she screamed I don't think it feels like
the fun beautiful way unless it's your K
she was like I'm she was on her laptop
she's like I'm watching childbirth right
now this one's a C-section she was doing
it for fun Aiden what the [ __ ] going
on well my girlfriend is uh she's a
drinker and a f she's a fiend for birth
I don't know
shees she used to want to become a doula
she used to want to help women like prep
and like give birth and she like knows
everything about it you know what the DU
is like a gangsta Yu-Gi-Oh
player let's
go missed you bro thought that guy left
I really you felt after that five game
loss
yeah okay wait so she's just watching
[ __ ] awesome hardcore birth sour
videos she just F she's fascinated by
sour birth am I wrong I say
every every human should look at a birth
video yeah I think they should because
you you were birthed no I wasn't yeah do
I have to watch a a decapitation video
cuz I'll die one day yeah sorry I'm
sorry capitated y everyone dies you have
to watch a death video I don't think
it's necessary cuz you'll experience
that but I don't think you need an
appreciation for how death happens so
women don't have to watch birth videos
only men no I think everyone should
watch birth videos should huh but
they'll experience it not all women but
I'm saying experience death you don't
have to worry about it for all you know
cuz you're atheists but for us Christian
believe in the same situation no cuz you
have to watch yourself die it becomes a
movie in heaven you're show with your
boys the best movie in heaven is your
death you drink michelobs with Jesus
Christ I don't think that happens it's
true the it's the the light beer all
sourdough in heaven they still they cut
the skin off their penis they Savages
hour uh I think everyone should watch a
damn birth video and I think you watch
last watch shot huh huh wait do you guys
want to watch a deer video what's that
wait you never seen this the birthing
one no the deer and the bear deer and
the bear what is a bear killing a deer I
thought this was something I think he
killing they're having fun is this the
video I thought this was the video you
saw about on pot about list no that's
donkey get H hits by train uh but the
donkey's fine the donkey's fine yeah
it's it's the daily do voice turn this
up zipper don't turn this up don't turn
this up keep this down no wait this
isn't the one that's called it keep this
down I don't need to see a
in a residential neighborhood that's I
don't need to see that yeah you do for
the same reason you need to see a birth
that is not a human that might happen
then you won't know what to do what if
that happened front of me I walk away
IM in a chamber imagine the deer I
refuse the premise it's me it's me what
do you do then I walk away you're not
the bear bro you're not the bear I walk
I know when I'm supposed to take my
fights yeah true you push too far that's
not my fault I push it's my fault I'm
going you're getting mounted by a Bear
yes youve pushed too far because of how
I dress maybe maybe you look like
appealing to a bear I don't know maybe
you don't have salt around you I don't
know wow interesting you you don't to sa
you don't to stop bear from coming on to
you yeah it's honestly your fault coming
on to me coming on dress you need salt
bro right you look a bear deer screaming
don't look this up don't why do you want
to look this up this weird F this is a
weird episod that's not it this ain't
funny there bear deer screaming uh it's
all right it's not look up a birth video
zipper no I don't want to watch it we
could I'm squeamish yeah we'll just
watch one bear deer birth a human a
human zipper you look at bear deer birth
what are we video dude that Bear's GNA
that dude deer's going to pop out of
that deer's [ __ ] don't it's a CLA no
the vertebrae it's not a CLA it said
most mammals not all mammals baby dear
man I was waiting for the bear I was
waiting for it to shoot out like why
would there be a bear do you think child
birth is beautiful I think it is I no do
you think it's kind of ugly do you think
it should be painful do I think it
should be like would you go change the
Bible uh well this is this is the
punishment yeah because do you believe
in that punishment you think it's
Justified well she bit the Apple so I'm
sorry should anyone be to bite the Apple
what if she was just he said don't bite
the Apple she was trying to learn how to
kiss
better you ever think about that she
just wanted to kiss Adam real she just
wanted to kiss her beautiful partner and
then Adam let her take the fall I I I
think I said this before we were at this
uh Airbnb and we in San Diego and the
guy's algorithm on the YouTube was just
all like rightwing [ __ ] they're always
crazy but we uh we changed it cuz we
just watched a bunch of childbirth Vlogs
on his algorithm to make sure it got
different the V diagram is closer than
you think on those two I wonder maybe
yeah like Jordan Peterson videos and
like breastfeeding videos on Instagram a
lot of people in the middle man I see
the line it's it's it's it's funny how
childbirth is so severe and violent but
breasts are so soft and good ew what
that was a gross sentence to listen
to worst sentences I like talking this a
weird episode if we're if we're doing an
end of year recap and we're doing the
worst most in the top 10 you should be
killed do I'm all mixed up today I got
mogged by a stranger I know and sour
stuff and sour ideas are getting [ __ ]
shot down and breasts are cool they're
wonderful but you yell that don't try
don't try don't do that puffers too
don't say puffers come on two puffers I
don't know whatever dude I don't care if
you got puffers you can come hang out in
the which of us has the biggest nipples
I'm I'm tiny up I'm tiny up it's got be
it's slime no we've seen slimes it's not
my name you
pepperon you guys have seen them you
pepp you gumballs
oh it might be Aiden then
got tin deir nipples you got deir
nipples got think it's he was trying to
deflect the same he has
pepperon you are we you didn't have a
shirt on when I got here I saw your
pepperon you can't pick them off point
in laugh at someone say they got pepper
RS my B somebody has to feed my baby oh
no
please that's perfect tiny that's
perfect that'll feed my baby for a year
that get the job done is literally tiny
silver dollar long it's a little floppy
don't call it flop it's out a chest hole
right it's a birth effect you know
what's cool if you ever if you guys ever
have a kid that baby
can suck on your chest
hole really just lazy really just a lazy
joke Bo it's so late man late we don't
usually do him this late we we haven't
hit him with them chest hole [ __ ] in a
while though was trying to expand my
chest hole in basketball oh my God kep
dropping he kept dropping the shoulder
freaky littley in my hole oh my god it
feels a bit deeper today you think I was
diving in your old trying toep you went
into the hole I didn't dive into that
hole once you dive in that damn hole bro
admit it Aiden were you diving into the
hole or not I would never dive into his
hole he did okay well he says you are I
have too much respect did you get put
down like a [ __ ] barnyard animal
you're cutie yeah no didn't oh you
didn't get put down like a barnyard
animal wait I did you didn't get put
down like a deer and I'm a b what you
mean in the by you or in that gate like
did our team lose our team lost it's all
I need to see it's all I need to hey
it's all I need of whom
yeah g we can make it a sour hole which
one his hole you want your hole to be
sour what does that even mean we're
going to buy malic acid on the internet
we're going to fill your hole with it
we're going to use some sort of adhesive
that's edible we're going to coat the
inside of it with all sorts of awesome
sour stuff like Mal and citric acid
can we call this what does he mean and
then he gave you a great answer that
really straightforward even out process
you don't expect me to know what to say
CU I'm not slime I'm not scared in
Discord on oh come on I'm not scared
you're being you got scared you scared
you're being cruel I'm not being cruel
I'm being I'm being school and you got
to learn no you're not that's you got to
say to this guy dude I I just have to
ask him do you like sour stuff yeah who
know what to say what he just screaming
at he might actually that guy might have
known what to say that was a worthy
opponent I think and he was see I didn't
the thing is didn't get into Voice comom
battles like you did as a as a young kid
only way I survived cuz I cuz I just my
battles were during text so I think I'm
better in those situations during like
forums Nick I would dare I say Nick in
the in the golf game with with Alex
talking to with the teaming up with the
Scott it's all a master class you're
very clutch yeah you guys are very
clutch I think I don't have that clutch
environment cuz I just I never did voice
coms a lot um growing up in gaming there
Warfare 2 meme what i is where I grew up
they wouldn't have lasted in these in
these lobbies take your sensitive ass
back to Google Plus that's why FaZe
Banks always knows exactly what to say
yeah exact awesome eloquence of Slam Pig
so I that was crazy he said that cuz I
said that remember yeah I was like yeah
I knew this guy from New Jersey who said
that never heard it before in my life
terrible thing to say and then he tweets
it and he calls Grace that and I'm like
that's crazy crazy I thought that was
just a New Jersey thing no maybe he's
from Jersey though he's from Boston I
checked after this and I was like that's
[ __ ] nut you lived in Jersey or New
York they face out somewhere bro that's
[ __ ] crazy that he said that he
deleted it too did he yeah he phased the
[ __ ] up well he phased the [ __ ] down
because he deleted it sometimes you do a
little column a little column
B does FaZe have a coin they had one it
was called save the kids save the kids
was a big thing big problem that's
awesome awesome they should bring that
back save the kids for Tua for real Dave
Tua
no that folks give that one do you do
you guys ever watch the the Subway takes
guy Subway yeah that British fellow with
a large head I've never clicked on a
video I have been shown videos by
algorithm yeah the algorithm feeds me
him not the train guy with the crazy
video he's he does like New York Subway
interviews and he puts the mic on the
[ __ ] metro card they ask them like
what's your you know basically just
what's your hot it's pretty much always
it's just what's your hot take okay so
you know so easy one person on this one
did the dog thing that we that we argued
about for a while one dog or nine no the
dog dog the hot so the hot take would be
no dogs in public spaces yeah basically
and I thought about you know what what
mine would be if I would ever be on this
show hold on let's set the scene uh
you're on a New York Subway M you're
wearing a shirt that has a tuxedo on it
okay and a print of a tuxedo right yeah
a print of a tuxedo and shorts that say
big big nuts on the ass okay okay oh hey
what's up dude hey yo hey and I'm
holding my phone to you you just hasn't
seen the show so has seen a different
show what's your hottest take hey have
uh you look [ __ ] up by the way I um
take out your headphones could you take
out your headphones I don't want to talk
to you take out your headphones I don't
have any money for you a show you're
homeless F I'm going to [ __ ] kill you
after this [ __ ] train stops in the
next you want me to
move sir I don't know this you're fine
you're fine he off my train sorry I
wanted to be a guy I'm looking I know
him he's Italian come on get out my a TR
I have a hot take about
immigrants [ __ ] kill you when I see
got a lot to say about you follow you
47th Avenue and I'm going to [ __ ] cut
your [ __ ]
your [ __ ] hot take tell me your hot
take a [ __ ] I tell you my topic will
you stop bothering me about
vuelan please sir I'm trying to talk I'm
trying to do my job exactly how the show
goes what's your hot take I I think
you're I know your hot take
what it's your baby yeah you're [ __ ]
copenh you should be allowed to leave a
baby outside of a coffee shop for 12
hours because it'll teach them to like
speak they'll have less colds cuz
they'll they'll breathe the hot cool
of the nighten looked
upen baby parks and apparently they have
like little parking lots for babies
outside coffee shops while the adults go
inside and get coffee and he thinks it's
good for the babies you know what
they're doing in there too orgies orgies
yeah of course and they're smoking weed
that [ __ ] gross they're getting spoed
on the top of the door
frame those those women are getting
filled out like an application while
they're little [ __ ] kid is
screaming that's one of your hotter
takes and that's not cool that is I feel
like you much like your explanation of
the recent Financial events is a poor is
a
poor you know had a hard ass week you
run to hit him where it hurts
huh 2.7 you Tred to make a
2.71 huh you like that try to get an
extra real real Demir it's disgusting
the way could be a
little you going to be I'm going to be a
little you're going
be cuz you un CED it you get to be a
little Demir about it a little
bit I wish you didn't uncover it you
don't mean
that down bro be a bigger bomb I wish
his whole bomb went down I played League
every day till I perished bro that your
head got cut off like everyone and I in
[ __ ] gold one after it's all said
what a beautiful planet that would be to
be in Gold you're not going to get that
what's your hot T I'm going to [ __ ]
get there don't say [ __ ] like that yeah
what's your hot take what's your hot T
dude I think it's that normal they
should ban the sale of large like trucks
and SUVs unless you have a special
license I think you should have to get a
special license and pay more money to
get is big uh yeah SUV really SUV my a
Rav 4 you're going to [ __ ] tax
me Elric why's a [ __ ] hybrid you
piece of [ __ ] I'll kill you what if you
have five kids are you saying for the
environment what's the what's the no
because uh the it so ever since the
introduction of SUVs into like the car
market in the US which only happened
because there was a big like regulation
and then they're on on sedans and then
the car the car industry started making
and marketing more trucks bigger trucks
that allowed them to get through a
loophole and that's why trucks are so
popular in America even though nobody
uses them for what trucks are for that's
true Lo closed and then we have
skyrocketing numbers of pedestrian
deaths in the country and it's because
you Ford F-150 fault maybe it's a
[ __ ] pedestrian maybe it's a
pedestrian not looking left and [ __ ]
right dumbass let the [ __ ] car I
think they should B big SUVs and trucks
if you tax me for my my hybrid Rav 4 I
will come at you cars don't kill people
do big trucks kill people better for
sure they got to yeah
why car but I feel like it would just
kill you anyway I think it's just force
is mass times acceleration and this is
bigger it's not just because of that you
can live a Corolla hitting you at 90 you
live that I jump over like speed you
could jump over like speed dude you're
actually on the right track part of the
reason is because those cars are lower
and SUVs and trucks are higher so you
can't roll over the top of the impact so
instead you get run over and you just
get run over the the based on vehicle
models involved in fatal accidents
between 2016 and 2020 the Chevrolet
Silverado has
8,777 accidents the allnew Silverado
confirmed death count
9,000 dude you got the gold camo almost
on the on the Silverado that's 22 if you
look at a graph of pedestrian deaths in
America over the last like 50 years
we're at like an all-time high this is
like five a day he keeps going down four
four people a day die from a Chevy
inefficient they're space
inefficient why is Honda killing so many
people just it's a popular car there's a
lot of civics out there the 250 the
Chevrolet
murderer we should have hold one of
these is not like the others freight
liner freight liner Cascadia what's the
lowest Hyundai Elantra yeah those can't
kill the people who buy them kill
themselves cuz they have a
[ __ ] that's you're at the end of your
rope if bullied killing themselves
that's my hot take your hot take is that
I should be taxed for your [ __ ] your
wet dream wait it can't be a money thing
you don't have to be taxed I think you
should have to go through you should
have to go through a painful process of
acquiring a license that lets you I
think you should have to go through a
certain sour Olympic event yo in order
to secure over coals okay like the
office like gin for the office and then
you can confess your
love okay my hot take is everyone should
be handed a gun and shown how to use it
at age 18 maybe 17 take cuz then they
would be better at shooting yeah your
man and they would have more gun safety
do you do what I think think every
American should go through a gun
training class they don't have to they
don't have to walk away with a gun if
they don't want but they should know I
think what he's saying is every American
should be prepared to gun down a CEO at
any moment I did not say that they
should be accurate I'm saying everyone
should have gun training they should
know how a gun how to operate a gun how
to reload a gun how to dismantle a gun
what if they're scared the safety that
well that's cuz they don't understand it
they fear what they don't know they fear
it but they kill people guns don't kill
people guns kill people that's people
kill people people kill
people kind of confused why people dying
to guns people kill people people kill C
cuz if there was no person then a gun
can't just like grow legs and kill
somebody so you should think about [ __ ]
that's my hot day everyone gets gun
training subway subway car what's your
hot take my hot take I already said it I
think lip filler needs to go I think it
needs to be outlawed I'm sorry that's
the only thing that
you other types of Botox and surgery is
fine um R fine does this beauty scare
you oh my god dude your hairline is
[ __ ] up watch this watch this is it
moving it's not dude he Zoom some [ __ ]
during basketball he wears a headband
now and he lets it rise okay wait what
do you mean when you wear the headband
you do this yeah cuz I just want my hair
out of my face that's why we're all
seeing it bro we don't like to see it at
the best you're showing off your Botox
or something I don't care you're showing
off that you can't [ __ ] react
anything my [ __ ] free Street side
Botox dude uh what's your hot T that no
lip F why a lip filler what is this
because I think it genuinely makes the
human face look worse I'm sorry so your
big concern is that people are pretty
enough in your mind I think people are
doing it because they think it looks
good and it I think it doesn't I think
it's
because you want a hot imagine he's he's
sitting at home pretty chill he's
watching Liam on the TV and he's laying
down he sees through his window a fine
oh it's the mail
appro God some fine [ __ ] the male woman
the beautiful male woman I thought you
say Liam had [ __ ] lip filler and I
turned that [ __ ] off that's why Liam
hasn't been live yeah he got
a Clint too he looks bad they both look
bad right now they got it together in
Mexico got [ __ ] up it's bad it's bad
that's crazy to me I don't think it's
that crazy I think it's it's a hot take
oh I'm sorry it is hot take because of
maybe how
as a hot what the [ __ ] okay what what's
a different hot like I think it's an
appropriate hot T but it's like it's
it's like like essentially the same as
saying like yeah no pixie cuts cuz I
think they're ugly H that would be a hot
wouldn't that be a hot take though
that's different also by the way that's
different I've been splooging over all
over the goddamn house you been
splooging why I've been getting it
everywhere on Nick's old grimy bed for
one but then he just bought a new Helix
mattress I didn't buy it they sent it to
me I must disclose this but I would buy
it again if I had to cuz I like it so
even even though it cuz he splooged on
all your stuff he splooged on everything
he was pretty unreasonable I was
impressed at first cuz I'm like how do
you cover so much ground it's such a
little per time it's like Splatoon it's
covered everything he's try he's trying
to win the UV light War yeah that's so
bright it sounds like I I I also need a
new mattress because mine's so bad that
during League week Connor wouldn't sleep
with me what yeah cuz he thought the
mattress wasn't comfy enough well and I
pre-s splooged it like you told me you
pre oh you preed it you should liked I
said I said baby about Helix sleep is
they have other over 20 mattress options
and you can take a quiz to find out what
bed works for you I'm telling you don't
you he doesn't have to [ __ ] off he
telling you theing truth do a quiz like
School better prob takes four hours
like no does not take take long at all
really quick quiz wow does it have
questions that I wouldn't know how to
answer
uh you do have to read in it so it might
be a little tough for you but for most
people listening it wouldn't be tough at
all cuz they can
read well well if they can read then
read this [ __ ] it's helixsleep.com
theey yard for 20% off plus two free
pillows and I like the pillows they're
nice well you get them for free which
makes it even nicer for all mattress
orders you get two pillows no matter
what Helix on the
pillows you will not get splooged ONN
pillows if you go to Helix sleep.com
theard
two% off plus two free pillows pillows
for all mattress orders if you splooge
on it it's of your own valtion not
anyone else can do it for you I can
cannot and will not do it for
you back to the episode mes do not
come okay Nick what's yours um I think
uh there should be no age limit on the
president you want you want baby
president I'm sorry you can say they're
qualified the age is they can be young
as the minimum the minimum be dude we
have like like 11-year-old Grand Masters
he wants baby president so what if we
what if we had that Enders Game [ __ ]
yeah maybe a 12-year-old can lead us I
want some like I want some like really
[ __ ] smart 15-year-old yeah who like
doesn't have no crazy ideas there's no
like [ __ ] care in the world they got
no affiliations dud I want I want a
15-year-old as a president who lowkey
has a crush on Amber in class mhm I want
to help him through it as his vice
president
is that low if Amber's all like yo I
think this [ __ ] going on overseas is
kind of [ __ ] up he would like deploy
troop he would press the big red button
and so You' make like the minimum 13 or
something what's the minimum no minimum
no minim no seven-year-old president two
why would why start it at [ __ ] two if
not at three it is crazy it started at
two I was saying so you let a 2-year-old
in if they're qualifi yeah they have to
geted they have to get elected they have
to win a debate would be terrible camp
the thing is right now we don't elect
based off qualifications we elect based
off oh that's [ __ ] Bas as hell bro
personability what if he's a really
[ __ ] like the rizzler might win right
now dude the rizzler would be the
rizzler as president would be crazy what
he's not qualified says who me he
doesn't know geometry okay is Donald
Trump C out crime there's no way Donald
Trump knows his geomety is geometry pres
dude I [ __ ] space force or something
oh you don't even know bro would you
here okay right here right now on this
podcast guys answer this question you
[ __ ] would you rather have Donald Trump
or the rler Donald Trump really yes I
would yeah that's crazy I would I would
I would you'd rather have Donald Trump
as president than rler hear me out I
don't
care the
rler and it's and it's not because I
think he's making great calls you heard
it I do think it'd be really funny if
like the Costco guy was the Attorney
General
he's going to he's not going to do
you're a [ __ ] problematic piece of
[ __ ] I voted Trump the first
time we're Costco guys we send drones
over Yen for three damn
times we're Costco guys we'll take it
all we're Costco guys we keep them in
prison longer than they deserve we're
Costco guys we aimed for the
hospital okay what about like like FaZe
rizzler what does that even
mean put in a bar or something no he's
campaigning and then Bank says FaZe
rizzler makes the announcement mid
campaign the kid is lowkey lit low key
no one knew the [ __ ] rizzler was until
he F pulled through this time because of
Banks's endorsement yeah so ooh
president Banks
oh to get the haircut and net spend is
the first
lady that's a child M that's child no
age
anymore why is his first lady I'm sorry
when your no age and president limit you
also remove his eyes were on the G it's
true the G was right behind him the G
was right there wait how old has n been
17 maybe 18 by now or still 17 I think
he's
17 okay let let me stop you right there
Banks his president with his child Brian
net sorry first lady the first lady
first child bride Y and Banks is in
charge yep the rizzler is the rler
president Banks is VP but it's a Dick
Cheney Bush situation let me say this
how about sure no age limit on the
president thank you age limit on the
first
lady maybe I will allow it thank you
okay
cool she should have and she should have
beautiful natural lips is that too much
to ask no lip filler no lip filler and
know how to shot shoot a gun and she
drives a Honda Civic [ __ ] if I do it and
we'll solve it all we'll get it all done
I do feel like we do we've built a hell
of a platform in these 15 minutes we
should start an events
company
million Milli had a couple okay we'll
get invited to the DNC next year dude
Shake It Up Man being a politi and be so
[ __ ] lame so except you would end up
on fortnite Friday with Connor which
would be cool that's probably the best
end point for you yeah I was watching
Survivor and they had John litz really
yeah and I'm reaping the benefits that's
from The Wedding Singer who's John litz
wait different John litz oh I can't a
different John litz yeah John Lovitz
from the podcast it's like a very we've
had this conversation before yeah okay
very left-wing podcast he's like a
former speech writer for I think Obama
or some [ __ ] I take it back what I said
but I'll say it later for sure okay when
I ask who John Lit is John L is a actor
comedian was on SNL wait is this are you
talking about no that's the other John L
known about is yeah anyway on like pod
save America or something exactly you
said that wait we said this we had oh
yeah long story short he was on Survivor
he got out first and I've now turned
rightwing oh it was so embarrassing what
happened was he [ __ ] he goes on he goes
yeah he looked for oat milk he said he
was on a podcast on Survivor wait wait
hold on we've had this exact same
conversation we we had the beat for beat
the it wasn't even that John love its
interaction you bringing this up not
knowing the name of the podcast me
guessing the name of the podcast being
correct you confirming that you telling
me to kill myself because I didn't know
who other John Lovitz was yeah and We're
looping we're
consistent we're consistent you know
what half full half empty oh love it
versus love it oh here I got a z you're
dumb as [ __ ]
lwig see that fourth picture so wait why
did you bring this up again did you
re-watch Survivor or something I watched
it last night Me podcast CL even when
you're out you still end up in like the
intro or whatever and I see him and
every time I see him get [ __ ] mad
yeah is Jeff prob still on that ho yeah
he's killing it he has a lot of play
with AOC she's ranked higher than
you that's true she is that is true she
is I don't peed silver one of what she
play she probably like bronze now it's a
different game one of my my first first
viral was about her playing League oh
she posted on Twitter a picture of her
League rank oh that's pretty cool I
would say it's embarrassing but I post
when I hit silver 4 and
[ __ ] yeah when did I see I think I saw
this during M my small quarantine
accomplish made it to Silver 3 I Peak
silver 2 I MOG her in July 13th same
you're playing [ __ ] you spent a week
playing League fulltime as your job for
money and she is a is one of the busiest
how politici World Democrats busy in the
house they don't have control over it in
2020 they show up to vote for something
they're just beating off yeah basically
I think you show up and vote on the
thing that's not gonna pass Google a you
go nay and then all the Republicans win
and it goes yay and you go ah what what
are you going to do Google and go images
I'm pretty sure she posted a picture at
one point of her League rank of like the
the rankup game if she's only silver
three a MOG I would call it yeah I would
say come over the top silver 3 like 25
hour hour I think if she played for 100
hours she would go up no she wouldn't no
she would and I also went up guys in
League week just yeah you went up going
even in games so I have better MMR they
pulled the lever promoted to Silver four
that's her silver four oh yeah that's
the that's the picture I remember said
[ __ ] that is crazy yeah I I hit that I
hit silver two we're not too different
you and I yes so play no she's different
than you why because she votes on bills
did it say her name vot bills just a
bills I bet she Stacks bills I stacked
bills once too how about this you either
play with the AOC or you play with me
AOC please yeah AOC immediately on not
because at least there's a novelty of
playing with AOC oh there's no novelty
no there's I'm not novelty I'm not a
little toy for you there's L LP lose LP
we wouldn't lose LP lose LP we'd be
electric I've seen you actually you were
Connor was is a way better League player
than me and you kind of let him down no
he let me down to be clear how because
he played dog [ __ ] Champs and when he
finally just locked in Jacks we won
every game when you talked to that when
you talk to that therapist and you were
like and he was like do you have any
responsibility here and you're like I
mean I was in the car and he was his
ankles were genuinely broken by that
quip you're like I wasn't he was driving
I was in the passenger seat yeah I guess
I was involved in the crash he was
like uh well you're also a player in the
game he you had to admit like yes but
your your analogy was too good for
destroying the marriage counselor with
facts and logic dude to prove that
you're right he's trying to walk me down
mogging me during a conversation too you
might not know about this I I know you
didn't end up going with it but did you
like my idea at all cuz yangling was
trying to find a marriage counselor last
minute to do this yeah and I was like
dude don't tell lwig just have slime
play a character dress up like nice like
jacket glasses and like completely in
character be the guy so asked me this
and I said here's the thing I think that
would be funny but that is not what he
wants lwig wants the moment of like Kai
talking to a [ __ ] therapist for not
beating redon and he wants that to be
like the frame and if I show up it's
just more of like the same and it's also
self-inserting so I told Yingling no
yeah find do your job stupid Yingling
you little cat and mouse bear my
suggestion it was your suggestion I
crashed out on him no I didn't crash out
him no your your reasoning made find
this person you know not my job that is
ying ying called an actual therapist and
they said sorry this is just like
literally so
illegal you found a found a fake
therapist yeah cig guy it needed to be
like a life coach and I think Kevin's
like a life coach and a therapist and I
think he's able to operate us I don't I
don't know how the [ __ ] it works but he
was allowed to do it he was good uh it
we great and we won we won that day and
and I have I have I have played
phenomenally and I understand the game
now why aren't you gold I understand the
game cuz I don't have time in Nick you
have 100 hours you played a lot though I
learned after the 100 hours that's crazy
that's crazy that you couldn't learn
during the 100 you couldn't [ __ ]
learn your basketball games today about
freaking play oh did you one on me you
play great today not you just score one
on me girl yeah he's thinking but I did
score in that game not on me not on him
not on Papa not on Papa who taught you
everything you know I think the race has
truly began lwi I think it can beat
you AR you iron H you're racing to iron
okay I I understand the game you you
joke about you don't understand it do if
I coach you for an hour you would learn
more than you have in two months that's
so disgusting I have so much to teach
you're such a disgusting person so much
to teach you so much to teach me so much
you don't even know what volley bear
does yes I do okay he has his uh thing
that makes it come down from the sky
what happens when that hits you if it
hits you the person volley bear it gives
you Shield if it hits your opponent they
slow and they lose Health okay he does
no and his and his Q makes him go faster
he goes run all four like a bear and I
think his W is like an auto attack reset
or some [ __ ] this is all true yeah I
know how volar Works Ms dude you're
getting mogged life in the worst day of
my life you don't build Dead Man's plate
either dead man's is a a broke a dead
build you're stupid as [ __ ] you're dumb
as [ __ ] they patched it they patched it
for
14.24% part of the episode it's an hour
deep either way what I'm saying is it's
disgusting if you to say we're on the
playground I'm in fourth grade you're in
fifth grade and you're saying the fifth
graders Mo the fourth graders famously
famous famously yes what do you mean I
had a grow SP and I have armpit hair and
you still look like a
boy that's what's happening are you a
fourth grader still though are you okay
then you're a freak for a fourth grader
I know I ate government cheese you don't
get jerked off at the ski bus ever I
definitely didn't I could have though I
just wasn't I could have I just was
scared I was just scared I ran away
there's an article today you we an
article there's an article from Esports
Illustrated yeah about you was it a good
article you look at Esports ill
Illustrated lwig no worse about League
oh no zipper look up just the [ __ ]
headline made made me [ __ ] mad is it
owned by the same Sports Illustrated I
don't know it seemed like it should be
Esports leag Legends greatest tragedy
click it lwig versus platinum oh my it
looks like scroll in scroll in read the
[ __ ] by line like Al League week lwi
has failed to reach Platinum during
League week here's what we know like
like it's a constantly evolving
situation brain SC us it is all in there
ended in tragedy after the streamer
failed to progress past silver to the
game's Platinum rank there's so many
terrorists you got kill who wrote this
I'm not kidding dude that's crazy
there's so many terrorists everywhere
everyone's just praying on your downfall
and by the way 29's very young still I
still cover my sleep sometimes Lo is a
near 30-year-old
influencer oh man you're going to be
coming in your sleep when you're 41 and
be like yeah yeah I be proud of that my
virality it should be celebrated Esports
his last name Stein Camp wow what a
terrific audience well why don't we
exclusively played Fiddlesticks in a
mumo they didn't true game [ __ ] didn't
talk about that game you didn't see the
Yumi game [ __ ] you played Yumi yeah who
was your top when
Mal fight yeah I went bad do you think
maybe we should restructure our goals in
our approach maybe we should say can we
make it to Gold this season oh
sweetheart Gold's a [ __ ] guarantee
Gold's a lock oh wow Gold's a lock oh in
like the next four
years this is so [ __ ] sneeze again
[ __ ] yeah sneeze
again we took no stop you listen now we
played a game together and I put you on
my back my Back Shak also kind of the
game we won was not Shake drizzle back
it was very light load for him I played
great that game he played somewhat okay
when the other team is worse the jungler
has like a lot of fun you are not in the
conversation I'm a new player none of
you are in the conversation I went 224
and 17 I'm the only guy on the
team um okay the CRA life since we live
is so much ego and cigarettes and if I
was playing League you'd be a higher
rank than me [ __ ] smoking cigarettes
for sure huh you'd be higher ranked than
me but I am higher ranked don't say I
would be I am I am I am but can you I
just if we take the data we have access
to and we expand it Gold's looking a
little shaky this season shaky I'm
looking shaky have so much time have 27
days of 27 days days to get to Plat to
get to get to to get to gold honestly
guys I I hate you you're supposed to be
my [ __ ] friends I am your rid or die
every time someone says something mean
to me I [ __ ] say shut up that's
[ __ ] lwig I can do it I believe you
can but I think that you're Your Own
Worst Enemy op.gg lwig look it up sorry
didn't me [ __ ] League
Legend look it up up look it up look it
up look it up look it up look it up look
it up nothing double LIF much double if
is an idiot idiot he dead ass said the
red buff past minute 20 is better than
mid and Hib everyone who I talked to
said he's brain dead scroll down look at
it what does the MVP mean Ace what does
that mean Ace what does that mean MVP
what does that mean I win every game
okay sweetheart keep going going silver
to okay don't go too far go go up a bit
go up a bit go up a bit yeah right there
oh my God 4.8 CS I can't believe you
played a Yumi what was the pike game
what the [ __ ] happened thereit are you
silver 2 right now silver three oh why
does it say oh that was my Peak that was
your Peak my Peak silver 2
80 all right I just feel like when it's
I have a question I have a question when
this when League week League World is
over after the ranking season you hit
whatever rank you get God help me it's
platum plat four plat four you know Josh
hit Diamond anyway you know you have to
win a game in plat too right yeah cuz it
Doesn't Count yeah you made Aiden do
that I don't think it's
different too right you have to win a
game in you got to fill the proverbial
Dorito no there's no Dorito in League
the of the DOR made do that I and then I
kept playing you don't have to win the
game I filled a little red I filled a
little red Dorito you don't need to do
that in league but he needed to do it
for valerant yes so it's different for
you different for same company same rank
system the different game literally all
the same rank okay explain why cuz they
don't have guns to shoot people they do
guns a difference
there's not as many guns okay when this
is all over and maybe you hit plat and
then stop playing you don't play your
plat game say if you total it up do you
think there's more guns in League than
definitely not no unique different guns
think about it across all the champion I
think there's more guns in League
there's a lot of gun play Lucian Senna
MF Jinx there's a few I guess yeah yeah
and Jinx has two different gun gang
plank has dues oh there's a lot it's a
lot of guns what are you going to fill
your life with when this [ __ ] is over
huh huh you going to start a bakery he's
going to start [ __ ] he's going to go
to the mines and start making money I'm
making money bakery's dead Baker's dead
why I got to make money Bak Mone wait
you have a life ahead of you I know
you're getting really old but I know
you're already 30 it's basically over
soon but you can still start a bakery
dude when you turn 30 it's going to be
so funny should I have like a
celebration or something yeah yeah
celebration of your life should be go
day for the birth I want to put like 100
I want to put a bunch of candles on your
cake like 30 of them a lot of C of cand
what do you do for your 30th birthday
like a send off retired I shaved my head
can we do a viking funeral but I'm alive
in the boat when you shoot the arrows at
it that's cool that'd be awesome I would
love to do I burn alive or laser tag
weer tag we do I like
Las what would would what would my ideal
30th birthday be [ __ ] I don't know
give me a [ __ ] cane and like a all
you can eat meal Chuck-E-Cheese we could
dress up like old again but everyone
does you have to look old you have to
look old old party we all become old Ah
that's kind of fire we all wear our
weird old makeup and yellowed
teeth we all we all sneak pills in the
corner like we're not trying to our
family is sick we don't want to know
we're sick we cough up blood but we
don't show anyone we look at our hands
like we constantly look at our hands and
see blood that's the biggest movie joke
that I don't think happens in real life
coughing up blood it's the and then
there's blood and they're going to die
in two scenes and then you wash your
hands that's why my nose bleed was so
scary cuz in in movies it's like a nose
bleed happens and it means the worst
thing ever can happen or you're really
horny yeah what yeah in like anime
Dragon Ball Z your nose bleeds and you
just saw big boobs Master roshi saw some
F crazy woman big olds that is kind of
the Looney anime AOA is like your nose
your eyes getting big and your nose big
I do that your nose bleed when you're
horny breasts yeah not every time but
that's so fun what you manifested that
cuz that doesn't happen normal the first
like you just wash a lot of times I made
out with a girl my nose was bleeding
what it wasn't even like getting hit a
lot yeah that's weird bad I've never had
a nose bleed I've had I used to have
them all the time I besides getting hit
in the nose but I've never had like a
organic nose bled no I freaking see a
big old Paar and [ __ ] natural Paar
coming out I start gushing that's all
right I gush I gush like yeah that's
kind of like your body's response to
that right it's just expell get out get
out stop it yeah awesome boner what I do
and that's beautiful that's what I do I
do you didn't do your hair today huh
don't say that he does that a lot he
does that a lot he tries to hurt you
when you don't do your best does takes a
step down I think it looks he sees when
you don't really try your best and you
go he points it out he goes why today I
played basketball and there's no hair oh
you play basketball CU I watch there's
an excuse and I scored the game winner
there needs to be an excuse for not
trying your best I scor this damn game
winner you played a bunch of
games scored the game winner a game
winner it was the last game was the game
winner it wasn't even in the game that I
played against was the buzzer beat
didn't need to score game buzzers
there's no ERS you don't need score a
game winner when it's 112
bro cew walked you wasn't that bad I'm
getting better yeah don't say it like
that you're not allowed to say that rank
what rank comparative to League do you
guys think you are in basketball in the
world wow all player even children all
players challeng I think Pros are Pros
Challenger would be like a really good
not pro right yeah Challenger is like
the professor yeah Challenger yeah maybe
the professor like like a retired D1
player you know something like that TJ
is like master all all active players
even like all basketball players all all
basketball players are like Pro and
Challengers are like retired D1 players
kids like kids technically haven't like
a lot of kids haven't played ranked yet
but they would have like they're
probably iron overseas Pros or challenge
or some [ __ ] but also anybody that's
going to the gym to play pickup yep
anyone all basketball players okay I'm
probably silver one slime is iron four
okay yeah yeah I think it's true I
think I think Nick would be Iron one no
I'm bronze I'm definitely bronze one
noton four you're not I'm Bron brother
you're not the same there nope I am not
that close to him look there's a gap
between iron four and iron one like he
should be playing normals not ranked I
will not touch that hand but you're
definitely iron
the same I would give silver one I'm
silver
one what does that make you then boy I'm
silver then yeah probably silver one
what's your what's your LP what's your
LP my you're you're going to pick your
LP we'll say your silver you might be
bronze too I'm not Bron I actually
kill that would make maybe silver four
maybe silver four yeah no I'm bronze
four if he's bronze four I'm gold seven
okay I say he hurtful I made the allars
I you to think about how many people
play like globally I I I think I'm
silver I think I'm silver I think I'm
the same rank that's so fun they're
linked you think you're silver one no no
I'm the same rank in league as I am in
ball what if in what if what if you ran
it up in League you [ __ ] better at
League than you are at basketball let
him hash this out no top 60% in
League yeah I think I'm top 60% in
basketball
uh this is of people no of of no no no
people who ball at anybody who plays
basketball right now I see the current
populace of people who play actively I'm
saying I go to Singapore I MOG them why
MOG them Aiden I don't think that's true
put them down I will say put people from
singap Singaporean people down the
couple times I've played pickup in
Sweden I was
like I you know I see the I see the
differ servers are different servers are
bad servers are really good so if I'm na
silver 3 I'm saying I'm
MOG yeah maybe maybe you just I it's
kind of the other thing I was thinking
about too is like there was this kid
from New Zealand that was just randomly
at the court today we were playing with
him and he was like clearly pretty like
pretty good at basketball but he's just
small and he's 17 so it's like he you
know he just can't asked on a
date he said bro I got the spa you went
to got SP
Diesel and FaZe banks are trying to hit
it no yeah but I think my I think my
size makes me Silver yeah I just picked
a better champ no you're right I have a
good champ you have a good champ you're
my Champ's like like a tier yeah what if
what if your shins got cut off
surgically then I'd be a bad champ what
he would yeah you'd be better than me
yeah yeah 100% that'd be so [ __ ]
awesome imagine you were like 6'4 I'm
close nope I'm 6'1 right now I think do
you think you'd be different if you were
6'4 I'd probably be less annoying about
my height yeah cuz you're not like there
yeah cuz there would be no need to be
annoying about you would have just never
lied about it on your driver's license I
think I would have lied still I enjoy
but gone lower lying is fun what's the
limit at the DMV where you lie to them
and they're like come on well I'm going
to find out one day I think my hot take
again I think everyone should get three
lies unpunished in life but people would
lie about their lies that would be one
of the lies no Li your Li be like be
like a device that can tell you're
talking some like Black Mirror [ __ ] yeah
on some Black Mirror [ __ ] like like
we're seeing our reflection in the
phones type [ __ ] you know what and then
the president would have to have used
his lies already oo yeah if you're a
president you have no more lies left
yeah I think you should be allowed one
Men In Black memory forget oo on
yourself or on someone else on anyone
you want going to say on myself I would
love that no you can't use on yourself
what would you forget just one time was
it when I got my body waxed in front of
you my God that was great
you would remember that I never want to
forget that that one I want to forget
this I want to forget the look of the
piece of wax that came out of you I want
to forget I can't I I can't think right
now really Yan might want to use it on
that cuz he had a different angle he did
he seemed to not mind it for some reason
though he try tanked it yeah it's like
the it's like a hypno
toad well 12-year-old president and then
what I say no lies all right they can't
Li he to have used his lies already and
they're pretty like low stakes it's like
oh I didn't eat cookies you know if if
he used them already dude if you're if
you have to be president when you're 12
you get your lives out so fast dude
maybe though we want the president to
have the lies ready so we can use it
against other 100% oh no no because they
none of them can lie either no but we
some other countries are picking guys
who can lie and yeah because other
countries wouldn't be real about he has
no lies if you guys watched The Ring of
endless light which you didn't and we
did you'd know that Dolphins can't lie
and that's because they all share the
universal truth they did say Misha
Barton from the OC said that all all
dolphins share all information and they
don't have secrets so they don't have
secrets and because they don't have
secrets they live in Utopia do you think
they have
like no The Dol well they do have they
have sex offenders everyone knows the
list that's what I'm saying it's like
everyone just inherently knows like oh
that is
[ __ ] yeah and Cory's like don't come
near
me and it's a Utopia unless you're a kid
cuz I'm Cory that's what I like everyone
knows you're a kid dolphin do you ever
look at the sex offenders around you I
did when I was like younger I'd used a
little the website what's it called wait
can you just go a [ __ ] website yeah
they have to register that's a whole
point it's called I know they have to
register but I thought they just listed
them out for some reason pedos near you
are us it's a person's name right John
the pedo can you look up uh check for
pedophiles website woman's name I can't
remember what it was called Ashley
madie's list no Angie's List that's not
it it's for like doing handiwork around
the house no that was that site you
found Affairs
on Megan's Law dude you think his
Angie's List is so funny I don't know
you just said
something no I haven't looked that [ __ ]
up bro's law yeah we would just we would
just like if we were just chilling at
like 7-Eleven we' be like I wonder if
there's any sex offenders around here
and then we'd look it up way more hits
here than when I was in New Hampshire
there more people yeah there's more
people yeah and then you burn their
house new they make him the
governor we do have one of the worst
Presidents all time Franklin Pierce is
rough yeah he was historically one of
the worst yeah all our only New
Hampshire one wait what did he do a long
story uh it's an American history story
really some presidents weren't good
Aiden I forget what he did though so bad
but how could they become president I'm
surprised Andrew Jackson's on the 20 I
had this thought the other day dude he
is he's like alltime racist he made the
trail teers yeah like putting up numbers
racist yeah yeah like 100% like his his
body counts insane dude I I just he made
the Indian something act it was like the
Indian repulsion act or something it was
like the name is like it's like the name
the name yeah it's the name is not like
it's like the oh the new housing for na
it's like n it's like the Indian get get
out the Indian we don't want them here
that's crazy and they like and then
whoever made the 20 was like
yeah Andrew
found out I just found out this like I I
watched this video Indian Removal Act sh
1830 I was just remove him that is
[ __ ] crazy he he could have been
calhon yeah and then they threw him on
the [ __ ] 20 bro I and then he had an
affair with Peggy jpeg Mafia had sex
with the
president now I've heard child bride I
learn I was learning some stuff about
him in this like long ass video I
watched this week yeah and and this
video had a the the beginning intro
question of the video is when do you
think the last slave was freed in the US
and he's like not like slavery like in
uh in prison like working people for
like below minimum wage and stuff like
that like like literal like chains
slavery the way we talk we talk abouty
emancipation was 18 what like 65 or 4 or
three or some [ __ ] so I'm going to
go
1904 I mean yeah it's the question is
being asked because it's a surprising
answer so I'm going to say
2001 and on the back of that I'm going
to say I'm not releasing him and it's
the modern day wow uh no I'll say uh
19 uh
1942 World War dude you got it
whoa 19
did I he actually got it wait so that
means whoever was that slave was born
after slavery was already yeah like it
was supposed to be over in in United
States of America yeah OB they were born
after it was supposed to be over and
still yeah so they they had this insane
it's it's a long video it's really good
it was from a channel called knowing
better and uh I really enjoy their like
history videos and stuff but the the
explanation of like why this finally
came to a head was there was this they
were getting away with it in some areas
of the country still for for long-winded
reasons and in 19 in the 1940s we were
getting into World War II and FDR was in
charge and they were like what's like
what can the enemy use as propaganda
against us cuz we're about to go fight
we're about to go fight the Japanese and
the Nazis for doing all these immoral
things so what can they weaponize
against us and they were like we still
lowkey have this big slavery problem
going on and that's why they finally
crack down on it this is like dead ass
when people delete their old tweets when
they apply for a new job that's crazy
yeah it was a PR thing that's
crazy it's a crazy video and then we
Enslaved the Japanese in campsie you're
in a different country so you don't get
the same you're stuck Arie did you know
that we put Japanese people in campster
in World War II I know I got a video and
it was trying the food they served at
the camps Jesus Christ and I was like oh
okay mbang it's a very morose video like
cuz like even what if it's really lowy
good it's not and you got to be like uh
this was bad but this kind of five you
have the video and the KN like this kind
of hits like honestly with a bit of like
Sriracha oh man well guys that's our
time thank you for tuning in to the yard
podcast which um will you know again
I you're done I think I'm done with it
you've given up no you're done with the
yard podcast that's my last to the Primo
for Aiden's last ever
words on this set ever it's probably
right nowy well drugs us and you [ __ ]
you run out the door while seem a good
time to go the going gets tough when the
business starts going under that's not
[ __ ] take your money and run type
[ __ ] we'll see you in the Primo okay oh
there sorry there's 1877 flor.com it
said Mr eats
it Mr eats it
Mr eats
it oh Mr needs it bad cuz we eats it Mr
eats it
carpet Mr eats it
carpet it's the free spray before he eat
it un serious before you eat in