they have made millions and millions of
Euros I'm going to be delivering Justice
to these mother I get told that they had
posted Flyers everywhere in my city and
I mean everywhere high schools malls
they need to go in even if there's a
security guard even if they're going to
be taken away if somebody goes home
walking they will be fired they sent 18
people outside my door having a quote
unquote protest we are having war with
other sides as well most of the Cs go
gambling sites are scams I want to know
who's really behind this thing who's
really the victims and who's really the
villain in our last video we got bribed
but instead of taking it we exposed the
people who offered it now it's time to
expose the rest of the Counter-Strike
gambling industry and the influencers
who promote it for Millions a year let's
start with the basics of what
Counter-Strike gambling really is though
Counter-Strike is a first-person shooter
video game where you can buy C medic
options for your guns called skins you
can get these by paying $2.50 to open a
loot box it spins like a slot machine
and you get a random skin there's an
entire economy that's grown out of their
Rarity and you can sell these skins for
pennies or up to tens of thousands of
dollars depending on their Rarity you
can then take those skins to
Counterstrike casinos where they will be
accepted as currency instead of cash
they use their real world value to turn
this video game into Vegas you can play
slots roulette and more all with a video
game skin think of it like their version
of poker chips and when I first began to
investigate this I thought why don't
people just use a regular Casino you
know why use Counterstrike skins for
this well I decided to investigate by
interviewing a bunch of people who do
use Counter-Strike casinos and I found a
disturbing Trend I've been in the
gambling community in Counter Strike for
about I'd say since 12 years old I
started gambling on Counter Strike when
I was probably 13 years old 13 years old
14 years old I think I was 14 started
gambling on csgo at the age of 12 and 13
pretty much right around there my 13th
birthday yeah most of the people I spoke
to started gambling underage and it was
while they were playing the game and
this trend continues beyond the
anecdotal this YouTuber named Jeff
surveyed over 9,000 players and he found
that around 70% of Counter-Strike
gamblers start underage now themed
casinos have always had an audience but
with Counterstrike there is an underage
gateway to all of this because all you
need is $2.50 to get your first skin
through valve and you don't even need to
show ID which is a huge part of this
even worse when you go from the game to
the casinos which are hosted on third
party websites most don't ID the players
either or if they do it's only after
you've already gambled thousands of
dollars which is a bit like if a liquor
store asked for ID after you drank 10
bottles of liquor it's obviously absurd
but it's also very profitable because
underage gamblers not only are new
customers they're way more likely to
become gambling addicts which is how
casinos make most of their money these
days most physical casinos have a strict
ID policy at the door this isn't because
they're good people it's because they're
heavily regulated and would lose their
Gambling License if they knowingly
allowed underage players but
Counter-Strike gambling is fundamentally
different regulation for these casinos
is almost non-existent because they're
offshore in Malta kurau Cypress and most
of them are using loopholes to pretend
that this isn't even gambling at all
look I'm not going to go into too much
detail here because different casinos
use different loopholes but suffice to
say this has been going on a long time
back in 2016 a very similar story broke
in a big way about scam casinos and
underage gambling problems in
Counterstrike and everyone was
understandably enraged valve even got
involved had to send out cease and
assist letters even the f DC went after
influencers but when the dust settled
there weren't that many Consequences
part of the reason was because of these
loopholes in fact the most infamous
Casino csgo Lotto claimed not even to be
a casino at all they said they were a
sweep Stakes now this is obviously
absurd it's not true but none of that
matters because it got them out of
trouble and so the same types of casinos
have continued just with new owners and
new names what you're left with then is
an industry that is unregulated if
anything self-regulated which I
discovered creates its own race to the
bottom problem because consumer
protection in an unregulated Market will
literally drive away your customers for
example remember Monarch from the last
video and his Casino csgo Empire one of
the things they do that I actually think
is good is they block certain IPS where
gambling is illegal and they admit that
what they're doing is gambling now you
can easily get around these Geor
restrictions with a VPN but it's sort of
of an extra hurdle most Counter-Strike
casinos don't even do this and listen to
One Gambler explain why this tiny
decision to just geoblock one region the
US affected who he chose to gamble with
so when I went onto Empire while it's
still easy to bypass it you could just
put a VPN just takes an extra 5 minutes
CS roll I can just once again type it
into my browser um deposits oh you're an
American yes correct yes so no no no no
um VPN restriction no GE blocking yes
correct so unrolled zero VPN blocking
zero any bypassing on Empire there is
blocking but it it truthfully is very
easy to bypass right that makes sense
most people end up going with the casino
who asks them less questions requires
less from you even if you're not
illegally trying to gamble you just
don't want to have to put in personal
information anything like that this all
taught me that in the world of
unregulated gambling it's more
complicated than just saying okay
casinos want toddlers gambling it's also
market dynamics right you get a
Competitive Edge by not regulating less
work more customers more money which
means you can't just solve the problem
by wagging your finger at bad casinos
the entire system is broken as long as
these loopholes exist why would anyone
change in fact some websites like
adverti their lack of Regulation as a
feature not a bug the CEO even bragged
on Twitter quote Clash just paid out its
biggest one-time Cash Out instantly with
no verification couldn't be more happy
with the product and reputation we are
building this guy sees it as a badge of
honor to do no checks and it is a
positive reputation if you want to
appeal to underage players money
launderers or just people who want to
avoid a hassle a VPN and putting in an
ID and this is all a huge problem
but how big of a problem is it you might
wonder after all we're talking about
video game skins how much money could
this industry really be worth I wondered
the same thing so I asked around for how
much these casinos are making and got
several estimates one owner claims he
has an eight fig business and someone
who worked for his partner claims that
is true how much does he make on Clash
his partner Boris right um also known as
dogs playing poker friendly chemist he
told me directly that it was making
about 50 Mill million a month that's a
lot of money and this roughly matches
what the popular gambling Counter-Strike
YouTuber told me as well saying he'd
estimate these sites are making tens of
millions monthly and there are so many
of these sites that the YouTuber Jeff
estimated it all in a different way
looking at the total amount of website
traffic compared to a popular online
casino so when you bring them together
those csgo websites bring almost double
the traffic of the biggest online casino
today and this online casino declared a
gross revenue of 2.6 billions in 2022
now that doesn't mean the csgo websites
are grossing more but it's a great
element to put things in perspective so
even though it's tough getting an exact
number since these casinos might
overestimate or underestimate for many
reasons either way it's clear these
businesses are making huge amounts of
money and there's many of these casinos
we've just focused on a few in our
videos but there's so many more of these
websites each potentially making
millions a month and no one's going to
change their behavior until they're
incentivized to by regulation across the
board until then less regulation will
always mean a wider customer base even
if some of those customers are underage
the irony here being the biggest voice
of change so far really has been Monarch
from the last video you guys know I no
fan of this guy's methods but I'll be
honest there's large parts of his public
arguments that are hard to argue with he
claims to understand the underage
problem because that's how he started as
well how I got into gambling myself was
when I was 13 and I was playing
Roomscape and how the Dual Arena was
like a Gateway druck for me that's how
that's how gambling started for me and
that's where it went in third party
sites I'm just disgusted about this full
loop I think that the the full case case
system on on Steam is pretty horrible
the way how there is no kyc there's uh
it's such a powerful tool for getting
children and even adults I think even
adults they have a gambling problem it's
not only like a it's not a age exclusive
thing it's just a machine that makes
people gamble imagine there's a kid who
just plays CSO and they open one one box
pretty innocent they get their mom's
credit card they spent â‚¬2 to open a box
okay then they open a second box third
box fourth box and so on and soon they
see their favorite influencer playing on
some third party case opening site and
this is where it's like it's like
switching from from weed straight to I
don't know amphetamine or something and
they just go deeper and deeper into this
Rabbid hole and soon they are
addicted and the next thing you know
when they want to stop gambling it's
easy to easy to just shut like close
post these websites but what happens
when you go on social media you you go
on YouTube Instagram twitch Tik Tok any
platform what do you get you get
gambling ads everywhere the algorithm
starts feeding you it's like imagine you
are addicted to heroine and then
everywhere you go you just see like
heroine heroin heroine here look your
hero is staying heroine so we have to
separate these two things out yes this
guy's methods are terrible but I'll
admit it's nice to see a casino owner
talking honestly about their industry
and admitting that what it is is
gambling and not some kind of sweep Stak
but even if Monarch says he wants to
change without the actual power of a
regulator he just ends up having to
harass people threaten people which
isn't going to get him anywhere not only
that he's no saint either his own
website doesn't ID people right away
according to csgo's Empire's terms they
only require you to verify your age if
you want to withdraw more than 2,000
coins in crypto or deposit substantial
amounts of money if you withdraw via
skins there is no limit so even the guy
who claims he started underage gambling
he understands the gateway drug that
skin Bing websites act as even he
refuses to fully ID customers because he
knows he'd go out of business I'm really
committed to I want to make it strict or
strictor like you can't jump to the deep
end just like immediately on on one day
that would make us go out of out of
business but really my my end goal is I
want to do full full clone kyc before
anybody deposits I want to make it as
clean as possible this more than
anything shows the limit to the let's
self-regulate idea right even the
biggest critic of underage gambling
can't bring himself to actually ID his
customers up front because his
competitors won't do it and he says it
would ruin his business so maybe the
solution isn't with the casinos at all
maybe it's a good time to talk about the
influencers who promoted instead because
when I learned and asked about people
who got into this type of gambling I
wondered how did they get into it in the
first place who did they hear about it
from and one thing kept popping up one
of the primary ways I actually learned
was through YouTube popped up in my
recommended page because I was a big fan
of Counterstrike I'd play it you know in
my free time some gambling videos popped
up and I thought hey you know streamers
um kind of exposed me to that to that
space first I saw it online I saw a
bunch of these YouTubers um playing it
found out CSO gambling just pretty much
through watching people on Twitch and
YouTube juicy was one of them I actually
remember very vividly he was this guy
that would do all these case openings on
different websites and such he was very
much affiliated with them he had codes
and all these things I've been
surrounded by like syndicut and like
FaZe Clan for example I watched uh my
favorite YouTubers right YouTubers and
streamers of course are going to be one
of the main advertising vectors it's
been that way since 2016 influencers are
the main lifeblood of these casinos fast
forward 8 years later it's just
different influencers different casinos
making the money than before but unlike
casinos who we know intuitively are
blood sucking leeches on society
influencers by contrast
are they're
um uh well we expect more from them I we
don't get it but we expect more so I
wanted to confront three different
influencers who do this gambling
streaming stuff of different sizes and
get their opinions on why they promote
this stuff and how they can possibly
justify it I I don't think people should
gamble honestly on the sites it
shouldn't gamble at all um but I enjoy
doing it so it's what I do if that makes
any sense I don't know no no no that
part that part of it makes sense that
the part where you want to do it so you
continue to do it that makes sense but
let's say I'm like I don't think smoking
is good for you but I'm I like smoking
it makes sense that I would smoke it
doesn't make sense that I would get like
go promote it to to get people smoke
yeah no I no I definitely understand
that perspective too
um and I like yeah it's it's it's a very
good argument and it's like you can't
really argue against it right it's just
it's not a good thing uh but it's
something that I still enjoy doing and
so I'm going to continue to do it is it
just too much money that's an acceptable
answer it's just too much money to turn
down um I'd say in the beginning it
probably was too much money at this
point um like it's not about the money
for me it's just I I really enjoy doing
it well in the videos I I don't
sugarcoat I don't uh try to convince
people that winning or gambling is a way
or a solid option to flip a quick Buck
uh even in my wins I preface that this
is not a this is not a sustainable thing
so it's not something that I
necessarily I I I don't know you can
watch the videos and decide for yourself
if it feels like promotion but that's
how I reason it to myself I don't even
you know use the rewards I don't
advertise it at all so I don't you know
the rewards
thing it's more of like like I said I
don't advertise it so I don't feel do
adverti you get paid to advertise it
right not the reward system no I I don't
mention the rewards no no no I'm saying
I'm saying C CSO rooll we're talking
about the gambling side we both know
it's not going to be good for people and
then you're kind of saying why don't
really promote it I don't really
advertise it but in a way if you didn't
promote or advertise it they wouldn't
pay you Millions dollars yeah I I
watched your train Rex video and you
said the same thing you're like the less
dirtier of the dirt bags so I guess I
would call myself that and ultimately if
you watch the video you can decide like
how less dirty is he really but yeah
that's my answer you know most people
are going to unfortunately gamble with
or without certain streamers right
obviously it's intended to be like
a McDonald's ad you see McDonald's ad
you see a Big Mac you're going to go you
know I'm craving a big Ma so it's the
same concept you're saying like oh I'm
just like kind of promoting McDonald's
whatever no it's not so it's not like
promoting McDonald's let's be honest
gambling is a terrible addiction my
closest friend has a very very bad
gambling addiction he'll get
paid on let's say a Tuesday and by
Tuesday night or Wednesday morning his
whole paycheck is gone for two weeks and
then he has no money and no matter what
I do to intervene to help that
individual try to hold his money to help
him sit there and self-exclude he finds
ways because it's an addiction it's just
as bad as any other drug of that
dopamine Rush yeah the answers were part
admissions part rationalizations they
all knew gambling was bad but they'd
stopped short of actually doing
something about it because they were
making money from it even when they knew
people whose own lives were hurt by it
so if you know the harm firsthand you've
seen it in your own life how do you
justify pedaling that drug as you call
it it's a uh it's going to happen in my
opinion right and like there is no
justification can I say like I'm a drug
dealer sure you could you know you're
going to label certain streamers are
going to be labeled as a drug dealer um
in essence and that's okay I guess if
you people are going to view it that way
I mean I was how do you how do you I
want to know how you view it up because
because you said you said it was kind of
like a drug so I want it is a drug I
mean it hits the dopamine levels hell I
I I I get hit dopamine levels if I hit
big it's oh yeah you know and then that
becomes a YouTube
Trick I feel bad I do right I hate to
hear when people say I've lost money I
hate it dude I really it it crushes me
because some people legit do it because
they're bored and then they lose
everything they have and it is a
terrible feeling to hear that right not
to question their sincerity but I've
heard all of them say that they hate
when people get addicted they don't want
to see anyone hurt but they refuse to
stop even though they know casinos are
run on addicts fun fact
clash.io at admitting he was proud of
not iding players also admitted that the
majority of their revenue comes from a
tiny fraction of their most addicted
players quote less than 1% of clash
accounts make up 80% of our Revenue it's
just an admission from their founder
it's an Open Secret so these influencers
can empathize about how horrible
addiction is but they know that's where
their paycheck comes from the CEO of
clash has a profile on Twitter that says
never gamble The House Always Wins but
ironically his house is probably from
people gambling Ling the fact of the
matter is that these people say with
their mouth I feel terrible I feel bad
but when it comes to actually changing
they never do even when they directly
scam people they will still find a way
to rationalize it and this next part is
pretty dark but for a moment we're going
to have to go back for a second to the
pg major tournament and talk about the
thing I was originally offered a bounty
to investigate a specific casino that is
owned by the same group as csgo R but
this one is called hype drop it's owned
by monarchs Arch Nemesis hype drop was a
casino where instead of gambling
Counter-Strike skins you could gamble
real world items like real world loot
boxes for example you could pay for a
real loot box that would get you
anything from like a $10 gift card to a
Lamborghini for example it's just
gambling with physical items but the
real Secret Sauce of this website was a
loyalty program called The Daily cases
where the more you spent the higher
level you got the more you'd get these
daily cases which essentially were free
money every single day you could go on
their website and open these daily cases
and theoretically you'd get free stuff
free money which if that sounds
unsustainable it is it was all part of a
scheme it turns out to make the Danish
government believe that hype drop was
not actually gambling I received a
letter hype drop gave to the Danish
regulator arguing players could not lose
money on their site because over time
the daily cases paid back all the losses
over roughly 3 years this is one of
those loopholes we talked about where
they're going to argue they're not
actually gambling because you can't lose
now of course I asked typ drop about
this and initially they denied ever
sending this letter eventually I showed
them that I had their document and they
finally confessed saying they did do it
on one occasion but denied trying to
pass it off as an investment they then
quickly Scurry away saying this is our
last comment I bet it is because they
got caught making bad faith arguments to
the Danish government this type of
loophole is why in their promotional
material hype drop said things like yes
you'll always make at least your money
back and quote we offer return on what
you invest through our daily reward
system and quote it's a win-win
situation every time now it only takes a
few moments to realize that offering
jackpots and money back to losers isn't
going to work it has to be a scam which
is why many people like Monarch called
this thing an unsustainable Ponzi scheme
and I can't believe I'm saying this but
he's right on March 27th 2024 Killian
the owner announced that he was shutting
down the site effectively rug pulling
his customers who were all relying on
these daily cases to make their losses
back this is part of what monarchs paid
goons were yelling about at the pgl
majors by removing their daily cases
hype drop in my opinion stole from their
users and effectively revealed their
legal loophole to be a lie now with that
all understood let's Circle back to this
guy juicy a gambling streamer who we
heard from earlier he was easily one of
the biggest promoters of hype drop and I
wanted to know given that he has widely
promoted a scam what was he going to do
to make things right so let's talk about
um hyp drop at this point this has been
kind of what precipitated the pgl majors
according to Monarch he says I had to
protest HP drop it was a Ponzi scheme
that collapsed and CS go rolls next now
when I was looking up hype drop you were
one of the people who was promoting it
like one of the bigger YouTubers I saw
maybe the biggest what's your take on
promoting this stuff where's your
ethical line for what you will take what
you won't take
on yeah so to my understanding I had
never worked with the a gambling site
that had rewards that function like a
Ponzi scheme you know so when I was
playing on it I'm not promoting the
rewards you know I'm not like this is
the most rewarding IRL gambling site so
I was just playing with the product
itself and you know making content
around that um so with obviously it's
it's really annoying and [Â __Â ] when
the rewards get first off cut down and
then second off now there is no reward
offering in the sites going away like
I'm obviously very upset not just for my
own intent but also mainly for the
people who especially if people put
money into hyp drop thinking of it like
a good monetary investment versus like
I'm just gambling you know I'm pretty
sure from my understanding that wasn't
like a advertised thing at least they
weren't advertising they weren't saying
hey you got to tell them about this
great investment option I think that was
more of a a legal loophole that they
were you know trying to operate he's
just lying about some of this he says he
didn't adver I his daily cases but I
think he didn't think I'd watch his
videos because he definitely did daily
reminder claim your daily cases they
free monies coach juicy will get you
three free cases so might as well I mean
my daily cases used to pay a filthy
amount of money it was a full-time
income just claiming them claim this
every day dude we're making a full-time
salary every month yeah he calls the
daily cases basically a full-time salary
but I thought surely after seeing that
that hype drop scammed people he would
cancel his sponsorship with the same
company like it's the sister Casino csgo
role right he has to stop that now that
he's scammed his audience he did cancel
it right so let me ask you does that
mean you're no longer going to work with
csgo rooll since they're run by the same
people uh well I've already promoted the
site and I already have fans who use the
site and the I I don't think the reward
offering there is going to change but
yeah I mean it's unfortunate that I
think you can see the logic of no one
thought hype drop was going to rug
people from these cases these daily
rewards and if you are regretful
wouldn't that turn into some kind of
action on your part to like change who
you're working
with yeah I understand that completely
but I feel like Counter-Strike sites
aren't there to stay forever in the
first place I don't think anyone's
expecting them to stay forever and there
really isn't many great options so yeah
maybe it's up of me that I continue to
do so absolutely but uh it really is one
of the better options on the market
right now and there's ton of dogit on
the market so yeah and there it is
absolutely he doesn't want to change
absolutely he's not going to stop what
he's doing at the end of the day past
all the rationalizations that's what it
comes down to it doesn't matter what you
show them what you prove to them they're
making too much money and that is the
part that I was struggling to like
really get from these people is they
would always say Like I Do It For the
Love of gambling man I would do it if
nobody paid me of course they always do
it getting paid um but this is the
single biggest cope of gambling
streamers in fact even Grim told me this
who we spoke to earlier about getting
harassed luckily for me though his tax
records are public so I knew that he was
actually making a few million dollars a
year and at a few million reasons to lie
about why he was doing what he did so I
decided to ask him if maybe the the
money did play a role somebody reached
out to me they said hey I found Grim's
business he made $5 million last year is
that true and does that undermine what
you said about that it's not about the
money um uh yeah no that is true uh like
what one of the I guess Downs with nor
is everything's public if they know my
company name even just my name they they
Google around they find it so like
everything that I make is uh is public
and yeah you could say that the argument
is obviously hypocritical because like I
made a lot of money but like I don't do
it because I make a lot of money I'd
still do it if I didn't make a lot of
money and like even if I wasn't paid I
would still do it when I had excess
money to do it cuz I like doing it and
it might like sound like a lie but
that's how I started it and that's how I
was wanted to
continue it sounds like the $5 million
might have something to do with it it
just just just but that's fine I mean
yeah no I mean like I said I I 100%
understand what people would think like
oh no it's only because of the money but
like I know myself that it isn't only
because of the money but it's obviously
great don't get me wrong how much did
you make this
year I'd rather not say but I could say
it's a it's a
lot come on juicy tell us tell us
look I so I actually don't know the
exact answer myself but I can tell you
it's going to be right around Grim's
number which I know he told you already
Grims 5 million yeah and then I got to
pay a stupid tax rate on that but it's
probably around there both made about $5
million last year so it's kind of
obvious why they're not going to stop
based on just a moral argument and I
began to wonder like how many of these
influencers take these deals because
they are so profitable well luckily
thanks to the hard work of Jeff who we
mentioned earlier whose documentary you
should definitely go watch I found out
it's almost everyone this is at to 300
csgo streamers since the beginning of
this year ranked by watch time of 300
226 are currently sponsored by at least
one of them some have up to five we are
looking at
75%
75% it's insane Counterstrike gambling
is basically funding over half of the
scene with these ridiculous paychecks
and I began to wonder not about the
people who said yes but the people who
said no they're the minority I wanted to
know for the people who said no how much
were they offered and why didn't they
take
it this is something
I think about a lot
cuz there have even been moments in time
where I've been offered $300,000 for a
month of
gambling $55,000 an hour that could
change my life that could retire my mom
that
could alter my family's lineage
but I I keep turning it
down that was when I was an even small
smaller streamer than now that's
crazy
yeah one of the things I've been
thinking a lot about is like how to
change this you know if even if well
look if what does even change look like
right that's part of what I'm thinking
about is like what does even change look
like for this
industry and one thing that I came to is
like the incentives have to change
because they're so out of whack the
second you allow gambling sponsorships
and streamers to like get sponsorship
deals how are you going to stop someone
from taking that amount of money you're
a good person so you just don't want to
do it that's your personal line but it's
I think it's hard for just even somebody
who's a good person to say no you know
it's only because you know what it would
do to people but that is such a crazy
amount of money you know this interview
almost ruined me on this story I began
to wonder if change was even possible
when money like this is in the field for
play like the casinos aren't going to
regulate themselves because they lose
customers and there's so much money at
stake most influencers aren't going to
say no because there's so much money at
stake and they could change their life
and their family's lives by taking these
deals the more I looked into it you
can't expect all the people to be immune
from this influence all at the same time
which is the only way to make change it
wasn't just the influencers or casinos
either even Esports the most
professional supposedly side of the game
was flooded with gambling almost every
professional team had a gambling sponsor
for example FaZe has roll bit pgl major
was sponsored by 1X bet G2 was sponsored
by csgo roll and this creates the same
problem that it created with the
influencers if a sponsor is offering you
buckets of money it becomes really hard
not to take because if you don't take it
your competitor will in fact one e
Sports owner argued the entire ecosystem
in Counterstrike especially in the lower
leagues is basically funded by the
gambling industry and gambling addicts
so I called him to understand more of
how this works can you walk me
through how gambling functions in the
Esports economy the issue is that or the
issue I guess at hand that you're
talking about is that this activity is a
NE by more controversial sponsors in in
gambling uh and skin rolling sites um if
those spons weren't permitted then the
tier 2 and Beyond scene NCS specifically
would likely wither or die or or at the
very least constrict to a very large
degree so that's what I meant by my
tweet uh when that you should thank your
local betting crackhead in twitch chat
uh if you're a fan of tier 2 Cs and
Beyond then the reason you're watching
that team play is probably because of
that they're better um to note uh this
is also true of a lot of ORS
profitability so the value that
traditional sponsors bring in for a tier
2 or even more you know with with G2 and
roll bit for example the value that a
traditional sponsor brings in versus a
gamble sponsor is like 15 or 20% of the
value so you don't really turn that down
as an Old owner unless you've got very
specific moral crims or disagree with
gambling on a personal L but does this
inflate the economy where if you're not
taking a gambling sponsorship you're
almost at a disadvantage because your
economics and what you're able to play
players and attract Talent is much less
than somebody who for example has a
gambling deal and is way making way more
money than you yeah to would agree
that's true I think um very very few
organizations are able to do it without
gamber largely if you don't have gamber
you're almost certainly going to be
untable you heard it there you almost
can't compete at the highest level
without a gambling sponsor because they
pay so much more than everyone else and
if everyone else is doing it they will
have more money to spend on on a team
than you and get better players and
therefore likely beat you there's just
no more profitable sponsor to turn to
and so a lot of people actually take the
money so even if that sponsor is a site
that allows miners to play with no ID
who cares just slap an 18 plus sticker
in your ad for them and get plausible
deniability that's what G2 did when
announcing their csgo rooll sponsorship
a depressing fact about this video is
the star of it a guy named Mony turned
18 only days before they announced the
sponsorship which means in the video it
was filmed when he was 17 he was
underage in their Casino supposedly 18
plus and no one cared a perfect metaphor
for this entire industry it's all Optics
I have to tell you by the way the exact
day I announced I was investigating
Counter-Strike gambling csgo roll did
announce for the first time that they
were going to be asking all users to
prove that they're 18 before playing
whether or not it's coincidence they
announced it same day I don't know take
it for what it is maybe it's a token
gesture they'll roll back or maybe it's
a sudden change of heart for the Youth I
don't know either way the point I'm
making is that for many people and
professional teams the choice to take a
gambling sponsorship is like the choice
for peeds in the Olympics or steroids in
the
WWE you can say no but if everyone else
is using them and getting ahead you
choosing not to for ethical reasons will
get you left behind and your peers will
become more successful than you it's a
depressing cycle that has me flashing
back to the csgo wild days several years
ago and realizing we're right where we
started csgo wild in 2016 was a gambling
website secretly owned slightly disputed
by fazeclan and according to faze Banks
his motivation to do that was pretty
simple my motivation for doing it
actually was at the at the time we
weren't making enough money to buy a CS
Go Team all in the uh the Venture was
going to cost us like a million dollars
and we definitely did not have anything
close to that so my brain like I just we
got to finesse it we got to figure out
how to make the money to buy this team
now because in the next six months year
this is going to this team's going to be
worth like four or5 million and we need
we we're not going to be able to get
into this game which we which in our
heads we need it in this game yeah when
you hear it it sounds crazy sounds like
a cope but his plan actually worked FaZe
Got Away With It FaZe Clan has a
Counter-Strike team that won second
place in the infamous pgl major all
these years after csgo wild it's alive
and well and still funded by the way by
gambling just by a different gambling
website now it's roll bit it's
reportedly a multi-million dollar deal
now look I know seeing this is all very
depressing but we've actually learned
some really valuable things firstly we
can't fix this at the individual level
of influencers Esports teams or even
casinos doxing people harassing them
doesn't fix it or the underlying
problems it's a deep systemic problem of
incentives of course acknowledging that
also doesn't absolve individuals I
wouldn't dare say it's okay for juicy to
do what he does where people have been
scammed and he continues to work with
the same parent company that said if he
stopped it wouldn't change things
suddenly someone one would take his
place so if we're serious about trying
to solve this problem we have to look
farther up the food chain than
influencers even then casinos even then
Esports leaks we have to zoom out and
see the root
cause valve definitely does have
underage gambling problem they really
don't have an incentive to stop it
underage
middle age overage however you want to
slice it I think they have all the
responsibility I mean you could pass me
some of that if you want but ultimately
they're the Kingpin reaping in all of
the money or majority of the money and
there's a reason why they haven't killed
it yet they've possessed the power for
all these years but they allow it to go
and I feel like they do the bare minimum
Crackdown to allow it to keep operating
[Music]
[Music]
sh
[Music]